REGULATIONS and INSTRUCTIONS Relating to HIS MAJESTY'S SERVICE at SE A. PART
 I. The Flag-Officer, or Commander in Chief. 
 ARTICLE I. The Flag- Officer, or Commander in Chief, is to inform the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Admiralty all his Proceedings that relate to the Service, for the Information of the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty.

 II. He is likewiſe to correfpond with the feveral Publick Offices about fuch Matters as relate to them ; and to fend an Account to them, as well as to the Admiralty, of all Directions given by him, which concern the faid Offices
 III. He is never to give Orders to any Captain to bear Supernume- Supernumeraries, unless there be juft Caufe for it ; which is to be expreffed in the Body of the Order ; and he is to inform the Secretary of the Admiralty when he gives fuch Orders, and of his Reaſons for fo doing. 
 IV. When he is at Sea, he is frequently to exerciſe the Ships under his Command, and draw them into Lines of Battle, when the Weather is fair, and the fame can be done without Interruption to the Voyage. To vifit the
 V. He is to vifit the Ships of his Squadron or Divifion, Ships under and view the Men on Board, and fee them muftered , as often as he ſhall think neceffary. hisCommand. To direct the Naval Offi
 VI. When he is in Foreign Parts, where Naval or other cers Abroad, Officers are eſtabliſhed, he is to conform himſelf, as according to much as poffible, to the ſtanding Rules of the Navy, the Navy. in fuch Directions as he fhall have Occafion to give them; and never to put them upon any extraordinary Expences , unleſs the Service ſhall abſolutely require the fame.
 VII. He is never to intereft himſelf in the Purchaſe of any Stores or Provifions in Foreign Parts, where there in purchafing are proper Officers appointed for that Service, except Provifions there ſhall be an abfolute Neceffity to make Uſe of his Abroad. Credit or Authority to procure fuch Proviſions or Stores as are wanted ; but in that Cafe he ſhall not be ſo concerned, as to have any private Intereft in the fame.
 VIII. At the End of the Voyage he is to attend the Lord To deliver a Journal into High Admiral, or Lords Commiffioners of the Ad- the Admiralmiralty, to give an Account of the Expedition, and fhall leave a Copy of his Journal with the Secretary the Voyage. of the Admiralty. Of Courts Martial. Article
 I. ALL Courts Martial are the End of to be held, Offences Act of the tryed, Sentence pronounced, and Execution 13thCar.II. tobeobferved. of fuch Sentence to be done, according to the ArA 2 ticles ( 4 ) Powers to beld Courts ticles and Orders contained in an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for the Eftablipping Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of His Majesty's Navy, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea : Which Act all Officers concerned are duly to perufe for their Inſtruction herein.
 II. All Commiffioners or General Powers for holding Martial, in Courts Martial, are to be understood to be in Force no longer than during the Expedition. Force only duringthe Expedition. Courts Murtial to be held in Public. Complaints to be made in Writing.
 III. Courts Martial fhall always be held in the Forenoon, and in the moft public Place of the Ship, where all, who will, may be prefent ; and the Captains of all His Majefty's Ships in Company, which take Poft, have a Right to affift thereat.
 IV. All Complaints at Sea or in Foreign Parts, upon which the fummoning a Court Martial is to be grounded, ſhall be made in Writing to the Commander in Chief, (until where the faid Commander in Chief fhall fee Caufe of himſelf to call the fame, ) in which are to be ſet forth the particular Facts, with the Place, Time, and in what Manner they were committed. And if any Captain, who is intitled by his Rank to fit ( 5 ) fit in the Court, be perfonally concerned in the Matter to be tryed, he ſhall not be admitted to fit at the ſaid Tryal.
 V. vacate to exOath The Judge- Advocate is to examine the Witneffes Judge- Adupon Oath, take down their Depofitions in Writing, amineWit and fhew the fame to the Commander in Chief, who is nees upon to order him to fend timely, before the Tryal, an attefted Copy of the Charge or Accufation to the Party accuſed, in order to his being the better prepared for his Defence.
 VI. When the Court is fitting, the Judge- Advocate is To take Mito take Minutes of their Proceedings, and to adviſe Proceedings them of the proper Forms, when there fhall be Occa- of the Court. fion ; and to deliver his Opinion in any Doubts or Difficulties in their Methods, that may ariſe in the Courſe of the Tryal.
 VII. Settled bythe When the Court fhall have gone through the Ex- Matters to be amination, and heard all Parties, the Perfon accuſed Majority of fhall be removed, and the Standers-by ordered to Voices. withdraw; after which, the Matters being fully confidered and debated by the Court, the Preſident is to ftate and put the feveral Queftions agreed by them ; in which the youngeft officer fhall Vote firſt, proceeding in Order up to the Preſident, who, having delivered his own Opinion, is to collect the Numbers, and ( 6 ) : Fudge-Ad- vocate to draw up and and fettle the Determination of the Court, according to the Majority of Voices.
 VIII. The Judge-Advocate is to draw up in Writing the Sentence of the Court ; which being approved and pronounce the figned by them, all Perſons ſhall be admitted ; and the Party accuſed being preſent, the Judge- Advocate, by Direction of the Prefident, is to pronounce the Sentence. Executions to be publick. Judge- Ad • vocate tofend fame.
 IX. When Sentence of Death is to be executed upon any Criminal, Notice is firft to be given from the Ship by a Signal, and firing a Gun ; upon which the Captains of all the Ships prefent fhall fummon their Companies upon Deck, to be Spectators thereof; and fhall make known to them the Crime for which the Puniſhment is inflicted
 .
 X. The Judge- Advocate is always to fend the Original the Proceed- Sentence and Affidavits, as alfo the Minutes which he has taken of the Proceedings of the Court, to the Secretary of the Admiralty. ings of the Court tothe Admiralty. of ( 7 ) Of Rank and Command. Article
 I. THE Flag- Officers eſtabliſhed Number of Flag- Officers of the Number of Navy fhall be as follows, viz. One Admiral and ſtabliſhed. Commander in Chief of the Fleet ; one Admiral ofthe White, and one Admiral of the Blue; one Vice- Admiral of the Red, one of the White, and one of the Blue: one Rear-Admiral of the Red, one of the White, and one of the Blue. And no Brevet Commiffions fhall be allowed.
 II. rank accord- Admirals, Vice and Rear Admirals, Captains and Officers to Lieutenants, fhall rank in their refpective Claffes, ingto their according to the Seniority of their Commiffions.
 III. Commiffions. Warto be When there is a fufficient Number of Flag Officers Councils of together, all Councils of War fhall be held by them only. held by FlagThe firft Captain to the Admiral of the Fleet fhall, on Officers. fuch Occafions, be eſteemed as a Rear- Admiral, and take Place at all Councils of War, and alfo at Courts Martial next to the Junior Rear-Admiral.
 IV. But if the Number of Flag- Officers be leſs than Ifnot enough, Captains to Three, the Commander in Chief fhall call to Councils be called. of ( 8 ) None to rank as Captains, butfuch as have comof War, ſuch of the Senior Captains as he ſhall in his Diſcretion think neceffary, of whom his own Captain is to be one.
 V. None are to have the Rank of Captains, who have not commanded a Frigate of Twenty Guns, or manded Fri- more. gates. Commanders of Veffels to be commanded
 VI. Commanders of Fire- Ships, Sloops, Yachts, BombVeffels, Hofpitals , Store- Ships, and other Veffels, though Can they may have commanded Ships of Poſt before, ſhall be commanded by Junior Captains in Ships of Poſt, while they keep Company together, either in Port, or at Sea; but without Prejudice to their Seniority afterwards. of PostShips. Commanders Orders to
 VII. When any Flag- Officer, or Captain, fhall meet at tofhew their Sea, or in Foreign Parts, with a Superior or Senior their Supe- Officer, he fhall fhew him the Orders he is under ; rior Officer. and if fuch Officer fhall take upon him to give him other Orders for His Majefty's Service, he fhallobey them. Superior Ofnot to 'VIII. No Superior or Senior Officer ſhall detain a Junior, detain a fu- or give him any Delay, or divert him from purſuing nior without his Inftructions, unleſs it ſhould be abſolutely neceffary Laufe. for ( 9 ) for His Majefty's Service, and in ſuch Caſe, he ſhall fend by the firſt Opportunity, a Copy of the Orders he has given him, with his Reaſons for fo doing, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.
 X. Drum to beat atSetting and relieving the When the Admiral, or Commanding Ship, in any Port or Road, begins to beat the Drum, in order to the ſetting the Night-Watch, all the Ships in Company Watch. are to do the fame ; and to ceafe beating as foon as the faid Commanding Ship has fired the Gun. But when the Watch is to be relieved in the Morning, the Commanding Ship is firft to fire the Gun, and the Drum to beat afterwards.
 XI.. When any Flag- Ships are in Company with the Flag-ſhips to Commander in Chief, each is to diſcharge a Volley re Volleys of Small Arms in her Turn as foon as the Gun is Watch- Gun. fired.
 XII. after the tofire the Captains are forbid to fire the Watch- Gun in any Captains not Port or Road, either Abroad or at Home, except Watch- Gun in the Downes, unless there be at leaft Five of His without five
 . ShipsinComMajefty's Ships in Company; but in the Abſence of pany, except
 . a Superior Officer, the Eldeft Captain of Guard-fhips Downes. in His Majefty's Ports ; or, if there be but one, the Captain of fuch Guard-fhip is always to fire the Guard-ſhips Watch-Gun. B
 XIII. Comin the to do it. ( 10 ) 4 Commanders ofSmall Ships
 XIII. Commanders of Ships under Twenty Guns, are never tofire forbid ever to fire the Watch-Gun ; and fo are Comthe Watch- manders of Hofpital Ships, Store- fhips, and fuch- like, though they may carry more than Twenty Guns. Gun. Rank of the Officers in a Ship.
 XIV. In the Abſence of the Captain of any of His Majefty's Ships, the Senior Lieutenant fhall have Charge of the Ship, and be anſwerable for the Duty of the Captain. If there be no Lieutenant, the Mafter ſhall command, and after him the Second Mafter; but if by Lofs in Battle, or other Accident, all theſe Officers fhall be wanting, the Command fhall devolve in Succeffion, upon the Boatſwain, Gunner, Carpenter. Flag-Officers to be received withaGuard OfMarks ofCeremony and Refpect. Article
 I. WHEN Flag Officers go on Board any of His Majefty's Ships, they fhall be received with and Beat of a Guard under Arms, the Drum beating a March for the Admiral or Flag Officer commanding in Chief, three Ruffles for an Admiral, two for a Vice- Admiral, and one for a Rear- Admiral. Drum.
 II. to the Admi- The Firſt Captain to the Admiral and Commander Firft Captain in Chief of the Fleet fhall be received with a Guard without a Drum.
 III. When a Flag-Officer, commanding in Chief, by any Ship with his Flag at the Head of the the Ship is to be manned with the Watch, and Drum to beat, as in the Firft Article. ral ofthe Fleet with a Guard only. paffes Flag- Officers Boat, paling in the complimented Boats, to with the Watch and Beat of Drum. Of Colours. Article
 I. FLAG Officers and Captains are ftrictly forbidden Officers to to wear any other Flag or Pendant, than what be- wear no Colongs to their proper Rank, except when His Majefty, what belong. or any of the Royal Family are on board
 .
 II. totheir If any Officer, wearing a Flag or broad Pendant, Colours ofan fhall happen to be flain in Fight with the Enemy, Officerflain the faid Flag or Pendant fhall nevertheleſs continue ken in, in flying, and not to be taken in, whilft the Enemy is in Sight of the Sight ; but the Admiral who commands in Chief, as alſo the Flag- Officer to whofe Squadron or Diviſion B 2 he Enemy. ( 12 ) Colours to be worn by Flag Officers in their Boats. Colours of MerchantShips. he belonged, fhall immediately be acquainted with it ; and if it be the Commander in Chief who is killed, the next Commanding Officer is to be forthwith informed of it, who fhall immediately repair on Board the Ship of the deceaſed Commander, and give the neceffary Orders, leaving his Flag, or broad Pendant, flying in his own Ship. •
 III. For the better Diftinction of Flag- Officers paffing in their Boats, the following Regulations is to be obferved ; the Admiral of the Fleet, the Admirals of the White and Blue, and the Vice- Admiral of the Red, may carry their proper Flags at the Head of their Boats, when they think proper; but there fhall be in the other Flags the following Diftinction , viz. a White Ball in the Flag of the Rear- Admiral of the Red; a Blue Ball in the Flag of the Vice of the White; and two Blue Balls in the Flag of the Rear of the White ; a White Ball in the Flag of the Vice of the Blue; and two White Balls in the Flag of the Rear of the Blue: The faid Balls to be in a Canton, at the upper Corner of the Flag next the Staff.
 IV. Merchant-fhips are to wear a Red Enfign, with the Union Jack in a Canton, at the upper End next the Staff ; and a White Jack, with a Red Crofs, commonly called St. George's Cross, paffing quite through the fame.
 V. Ships ( 13 )
 V. Privateers: Ships having private Commiffions, or Letters of Colours of Mart or Reprifals, are to wear the fame Enfign as Merchant- ſhips ; and a Red Jack, with the Union Jack in a Canton, at the upper Corner next the Staff.
 VI. be-- Ships or Veffels, in the Service of any Public Office, Colours of are to wear the fame Enfign and Jack as Ships having longingto Letters of Mart, only that in the Body of the Jack Public Of or Enfign, fhall be likewife defcribed the Seal of the Office they belong to.
 VII. fices. Colours, to Court. His Majefty ftrictly forbids all Maſters of Merchant- Ships wear fhips, as alfo of all Ships or Veffels employed in the ingprohibited Service of any Public Office, or in raifing Seamen, to be proceeded wear Pendants, or what may be taken for them: And again inthe Admiraltyif any fhall preſume to offend herein, and wear Flags, Pendants or other Colours, contrary to what is here allowed, it is His Majefty's Pleaſure, that the Captains, or any other Officers of His Ships of War, do feize the faid Colours, and return the Names of the Mafter and Ship to the Secretary of the Admiralty, together with Affidavits of the Fact by two Witneſſes, in order to their being proceeded againſt in the High Court of Admiralty.
 VIII. The ( 14 ) Foreign Ships HisMajefty's
 VIII. The Commanders of His Majeſty's Ships are not to not toridein fuffer any Foreign Ships to ride in any of His Ports or Ports with Roads with falfe Colours ; and if they perfift therein, falfe Colours. after being admoniſhed, they are to put the faid Ships under Arreft, and fend an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty. Commanders in Chief not to appoint Officers inthe Channel. NoLieutenants to be Rules to be obferved in the Appointment of Officers in Foreign Parts. Article
 I. HEN any Commanders in Chief fhall have W Power given them, in their Commiffions or Inftructions, to appoint Officers in Ships under their Command, they are nevertheleſs not to proceed to execute that Power while they are within the Channel, but to acquaint the Secretary of the Admiralty of all Vacancies that ſhall happen.
 II. Commanders in Chief are not to prefer any to be made, with- Lieutenants in Foreign Parts, but fuch as have paſſed out paling a their Examination ; which if they have not already mination. done at the Navy-Office, they may authorize any regular Three ( 15 ) Three of their principal Commanders to examine them; and if it fhall appear by their Certificates, that they have ferved Six Years at Sea, and have been rated Two of the faid Six Years as Midshipmen, or Mates, in fome of His Majefty's Ships, and that they do produce regular Journals and good Certificates from the Commanders they have ferved with, and are in all Refpects qualified for that Employment, and not under Twenty Years of Age, they may prefer them, and not otherwife, taking Care to fend the faid Certificates of Examination to the Secretary of the Admiralty, to be depoſited in that Office
 .
 III. Commanders in Chief may appoint fuch of their NorMafters. Officers as may happen to be Members of TrinityHoufe ; or, if there be none, fuch of their Commanders or Maſters as they think proper, to examine Maſters, or their Mates, or others, applying for the Employment of Mafters ; and according to their Certificates, may promote them to any Vacancies in the Voyage ; but, after their Return Home, they are to be re- examined before the Corporation of TrinityHoufe, and fhall not be employed again without their Certificates of Approbation ; but in Cafe there are Second Maſters on Board any of the Ships of the Squadron, they are firft to be provided for according to their Seniority and Qualification, before any new one is made ; and no other Second Maſters are to be created in their Room.
 IV. Surgeons ( 16 ) NorSurgeons
 IV. Surgeons and their Mates are to be examined by fome of the Principal Surgeons of the Fleet or Squadron, if they have not already paffed their Examination at Surgeons Hall, and fhall not be preferred to higher Ships than they are qualified for by their Certificates. If a Phyfician is in the Fleet, he ſhall prefide at the Examination ; but upon their Return Home, they are to paſs a freſh Examination before the Governors of the Surgeons Company, and are not to be employed again without their Certificates of Approbation. PART
 II. W PART
 II. The Captain or Commander. ARTICLE
 I. command. HEN a Captain, or Commander, receives a To vifit the Ship he is Commiffion to command one of His Majefty's appointed to Ships, he is immediately to repair on Board, and viſit her throughout, in Company with his Officers, and fuch of the Officers of the Yard, as the Commiffioner of the Navy, or in his Abfence the chief Officers of the Yard, fhall appoint, and inform himſelf of her Condition, and in what Manner fhe is to be fitted out for the Sea. C
 II. He ( 18 ) To fend Accounts of the Progres in fitting out
 . her Not tolye out without
 II. He is to give his conftant Attendance on Board, and infpect into the Works doing to the Ship, and to quicken the Diſpatch thereof: He is to fend to the Admiralty and Navy Offices Weekly Accounts, or oftner, if neceffary, of the Progreſs made in fitting her out, and her Circumſtances, as to Men, Stores, and Provifions ; and whether there be any Delay, Neglect, or other Impediment, and the Cauſe thereof, that the neceffary Orders may be given therein.
 III. He is not to lye out of the Ship, from the Day of his of theShip coming on Board to the Day of his Diſcharge, unleſs by Leave from the Admiralty, or from his Commander in Chief. Leave. To apply in Writing to the CommifIV. All Applications concerning the Ship to the Commiffioner of the Navy refiding at the Port, are to be foner of the made in Writing under his Hand, when he cannot Navy. apply in Perfon. To know the the Ship.
 V. He is to apply to the Navy-Board for an Account Qualities of of the Qualities of the Ship, which will be depofited with them by thoſe who have commanded her in former Voyages ; but if fhe be a new Ship, he is to adviſe with the Maſter Shipwright who built her.
 VI. He ( 19 )
 VI. ventories of Stores. He is to demand from the Clerk of the Survey, a To take InSurvey- Book, with an Inventory of the Stores com- his Officers mitted to the Charge of the Boatſwain and Carpenter, and a Supplemental one for a Foreign Voyage ; and a like Book from the Office of Ordnance of the Gunner's Stores. He is likewife to require from his Boatfwain, Gunner, Carpenter, and Purfer, Counterparts of their refpective Indents, which they are to deliver to him forewith after figning.
 VII. when on on Board. He is to be prefent himſelf at the coming on Board To be prefent of the Ordnance Stores, and to fee the Cannon, Fire- Stores come locks, Swords, and other Weapons, carefully furveyed Beard,an and examined before him, and to inform the Officers take Account of the Ordnance of fuch as fhall appear to be de- al fective, and not fitting for Service, in order to their ons that come being exchanged. But in cafe he fhall be then abfent from the Ship, he is to give ftrict Orders to the Lieutenant to comply therewith. He is likewife to take Care that his Clerk be prefent, and take an Account in Writing of all Stores and Provifions that come on Board, and when ; which Account he is afterwards to compare with the Indents, to fatisfy himſelf if the Whole has been received in Kind, or allowed in Credit; which laſt is not however to be admitted, but where the Neceffity is evident : And if he obferves any Fraud or Neglect, he is to repreſent the fame to C 2 the ( 20 ) To be a Cheque on his Accounts. the Secretary of the Admiralty, and alfo to the Office it immediately concerns.
 VIII. He is to keep Counter-Books of the Expence of Officers, and the Ship's Stores, to the End that he may always be audit their able to know the State and Condition of the fame. He is to audit the Accounts of the Officers entrufted with Stores once a Week, and to fign fuch Allowances as he makes thereupon, taking Care not to paſs any Articles that are unduly charged. And, at the End ofthe Voyage, he is to deliver the feveral Books, which he has kept of the Expence of Stores, into the proper Offices, figned by himſelf, the Maſter, and by each Officer, to his reſpective Counterpart. To enter none and not to explement.
 IX. He is to inform himſelf from the Clerk of the butableMen, Cheque, of the Complement of Men allowed to the ceedhis Com- Ship, and to uſe his utmoft Application to get her mann'd, and to be very careful to enter none but Men of Able Bodies, and fit for Service. He is conſtantly to keep the eſtabliſhed Number of Men compleat, and never to proceed from the Place where the Ship fits out, with more Men than the Complement, unleſs by Order from the Admiralty, or from a Commander in Chief. To keep a MufterBook.
 X. He is to apply to the Clerk of the Acts at the Navy-Office, for a fufficient Number of Blank MuſterBooks, ( 21 ) Books, which will be delivered to him ruled, and to keep an exact Mufter-book, ſetting down therein the Names of all Perfons entered to ferve in the Ship, with every Circumftance relating to them, as is ſpecified in the ſeveral Columns. When two Men, or more, are of the fame Name, they are to be diftinguiſhed by 1st, 2d, and ſo on. The Number under which a Man is entered, in the Original Muſter- Book, is to ſtand the ſame in all following Mufter- Books. If any Man is diſcharged and happens afterwards to be reentered, the Number of the firſt Entry is to be noted againſt the Number of the Re- entry, and vice versa, the Number of the Re- entry againſt the Number of the first Entry. When the Ship arrives at the Port where fhe is to be laid up, he is to fend the Original General Mufter- Book to the Comptroller of the Navy, figned by himſelf.
 XI. at Clerk of the Cheque. He is to be prefent at all Mufters of the Ship's To beprefent Company by the Clerk of the Cheque or Mufter- and if the Mafter, and to make the fame Annotations as they Ch do againſt the Men's Names, on his own Books. He is to be affifting to them in the Execution of their Office, and fee that the Purfer do furnish them with perfect Mufter- Books : And if there fhall be a want of Blank Books during the Voyage, he is to demand a fupply from the Clerk of the Cheque or MuſterMafter, at the firft Port he ſhall happen to put into. And he is to deliver, at the End of the Voyage, into " the ( 22 ) Mufler- Book from the the Office of the Clerk of the Acts, a regular Account of the Expence of the Blank Books and Mufter- Paper he has received, and return what is left.
 XII. To demand a He is to demand from the Clerk of the Cheque at the Port where the Ship is , before the departs from his Clerkof the District, a perfect Mufter- Book of the Men's Names, with their Entries and Cheques againſt the Abſent. Cheque. To mufterthe Ship's Comhis Mufters
 XIII. He is himſelf to Mufter the Ship's Company at leaſt pany, and once a Week in Port, where there is no Clerk of the use no Fraudin Cheque or Mufter- Mafter, and to do the fame at Sea; and to be very exact in noting the Time of each Man's Death or Difcharge ; as alfo in Pricking or Running fuch as are abfent without Leave, and Chequing thofe who are abfent on the Service, or with Licenſe ; and in fetting againſt the Names of fuch as are away upon the Ship's Account, what Services they are employed on, with the Days of their Departure and Return
 . He is ftrictly charged not to employ any Seamen out of the Ship on Private Services, nor to bear any Men longer than the real Time of their Service, nor to put down any fictitious Names upon the Books. if any Perſon ſhall abſent himſelf from his Duty without Leave, for three fucceffive Mufters, he is to be marked as a Runaway on the Ship's Books, according to the ancient Practice of the Navy, expreffing the Day he left the Ship. And
 XIV. He ( 23 )
 XIV. every two He is to fend, once in every two Months, two Muſter- Toſend MufBooks to the Navy- Office, figned by himſelf and the eBooks Officers who fign Tickets, and to take great Care Months to the that fuch Books be full and perfect, and Navy-Office. every Circumſtance relating to the Men plainly noted therein, according to the Method preſcribed in the feveral Columns ; and that the Times of Muſtering and the Muſter- Letters be duly fet off. He is to write down at the End, the Number of Men Borne, Muftered and Chequed, at each Mufter. The Supernumeraries, if any, are likewife to be fet down at the End of the faid Books, with the ſeveral Annotations againſt their Names which the Columns direct, and alfo an Account, by what Order, or on what Occafion they are Borne. He is to keep a To keepa Book of all Men fent fick out of the Ship, mentioning, in proper Columns, their Number on the Ship's Book, Names, when and where fent, when returned or difcharged, and Number of Days abfent ; which is to be delivered into the Office of Comptroller of the Navy, according to the Form in Page ( 185)
 .
 XV. To fet down the Run Men the MuferAt the End of the Mufter- Books he is to make a Lift of fuch Seamen as are made Run, diftinguishing at the End of whether they ran away from the Ship, or the Boat, or from fick Quarters ; or if they had Leave to go on Shore, and for how long; as alfo the Manner, and by what Opportunity they made their Eſcape ; and whether ( 24 ) To acquaint the Secretary as run away at Home. whether he thinks they deſerve to be relieved, or not, and his Reaſons for it.
 XVI. If the ſaid Deſertion happens in any of the Ports of of the Admi- this Kingdom, he is to fend up to the Secretary of the ralty of Juch Admiralty, the Names of the Run Men, their Defcription, Place of Abode, and all the Circumftances of their Eſcape ; together with the Names of fuch Perfons as can give the beſt Evidence of the Facts, to the End that (if it ſhould be thought proper) the Provoſt Marſhal may be fent to apprehend them, in order to their being brought to a Court Martial. How to uſe Tickets.
 XVII. He is to apply to the Clerk of the Acts for a competent Number of Blank printed Tickets, which he is carefully to keep by him, uſing them (and none other) as there fhall be Occafion. He is to make out Tickets for all fuch Seamen as fhall be diſcharged from his Books, which are to be figned by himſelf, the Maſter, Boatfwain, and Purfer, or Reaſon fhewn upon the Ticket, of the Omiffion of any of their Hands ; and the Gunners and Carpenters are likewife to fign for their reſpective Crews. He is to deliver the Ticket to none but the Party; but if he be dead, or abfent, he is to fend the Ticket forthwith to the Navy- Office. At the End of the Voyage he is to give an Account to the Clerk of the Acts, how many Tickets have been delivered out, with the Numeral Letter and Number by which each is diſtinguiſhed ; the Day of Signing; ( 25 ) Signing; the Perfon dead, or diſcharged ; and to whom they were delivered ; and to return the Remainder into the Office.
 XVIII. How to dif men. He is not to diſcharge any Man but for one of the charge Seafollowing Reaſons, viz. Death; Preferment in fome other of His Majefty's Ships ; Unfitneſs for Service ; Officers Servants rated; or by Order from the Admiralty, or his Commander in Chief; and to expreſs the Cauſe upon the Ticket. At the Beginning of every Month, if the Ship is in Great-Britain or Ireland, he is to fend to the Admiralty Office a Lift of all Men diſcharged in the preceding Month, with the Time, Place, and Reaſons thereof, as alſo their Qualities.
 XIX. Stores. He is not to fuffer any of the Stores to be mifap- To take Care plied to private Ufes, nor any Waſte to be made, nor of the Ship's fhall any Stores be changed or converted, but upon abfolute Neceffity, and with the Advice of his Officers ; and where any Converfions fhall be made, to be very careful in charging the refpective Officers therewith, and in giving an Account of them at the End of the Voyage, or on the Death or Removal of the reſpective Officer, to the Surveyor's Office ; and to take Care that all Stores loft or deſtroyed, either by Careleſſneſs, or unavoidable Accident, or that are embezzled, be taken Notice of in a particular Manner, in the Expence- Book of the refpective Officer, and the Value D of ( 26 ) Not to alter any Parts of the Ship. Toplace Cen- tinels near the StoreRooms. Not tospare any Stores or of the Stores loft by Careleffneſs, or that fhall be embezzled, be charged againſt the Wages of the Offenders, on the Mufter and Pay- Books, that the fame be abated from them at the Pay- Table.
 XX. He fhall make no Alteration in the Mafts, Yards, Sails, or Furniture of the Ship ; nor alter any Cabbins, Bulk-Heads, Store- Rooms, or fet up any new Accommodations ; nor fhall he cut down any Part of the Ship, or cauſe Scuttles to be made or enlarged in her Sides.
 XXI. He is to keep a Centinel conſtantly poſted at the Scuttles leading down into the Boatfwain's, Gunner's, and Carpenter's Store- Rooms, (as alfo into the Powder Light- Rooms) which Centinel is to be ordered not to fuffer any Perſon to pafs down the faid Scuttles with a Light, but by Leave from the Captain, or the Commanding Officer of the Watch; which Leave is to be fignified to the faid Centinel by an Officer from the Quarter-Deck, and fuch Light is always to be carried in a Secure Lanthorn. He is to take Care that no Perfon whatſoever do lie in any of the faid Store- Rooms, and that no Wine, Brandy, or any Thing elſe, be lodged therein, but the Ship's proper Stores.
 XXII. He is not to fpare any Provifions or Stores to any Provifions of His Majefty's Ships, but where the Neceffity is without Order. evident, ( 27 ) evident, and by Direction of his Commanding Officer, and always to give his Officers a Warrant in Writing for it. He is to be very careful to fend, by the firſt Opportunity, to the proper Offices, diftinct Accounts of all the Supplies he gives to other Ships, or receives from them ; and of all Stores that fhall be returned into any of His Majeſty's Stores Abroad, either decayed or ferviceable; to remain there as a Charge and Diſcharge to the faid Officers.
 XXIII. to be fet up He is to obferve feaſonable Times in fetting up his The Rigging Shrouds, and other Rigging, eſpecially when they are atproper new, and apt to ftretch; and to be very careful to Times, and favour his Mafts, and not to hazard them in blowing be favoured. Weather, except upon a Chaſe, or fome other preffing Occafion.
 XXIV. the Mafs to Surveyed beWhen there fhall be a Neceffity to Caft any Rigging, Rigging and or other Stores, he is firft to order a Survey to be taken Stestobe thereof, in the fame Manner as is hereinafter directed fore caft. with Regard to other Surveys.
 XXV. Store- Room He is to caufe fuch of the Stores as require it, to be Stores and frequently brought upon Deck, to be furveyed and to be aired. aired, and their Defects repaired ; and the Store- Rooms are to be cleaned, aired, and put into good Condition, and made as fecure as poffible againſt Rats. D 2
 XXVI. He : ( 28 ) Not to mifufe the Sails. To keepthe
 XXVI. He is never to make Ufe of the Ship's Sails for covering Boats, or for Awnings ; Canvas Awnings being allowed to Ships in Southern Voyages.
 XXVII. He is not to fuffer the Ship's Decks or Gratings to Shipclean. be fcraped oftener than fhall be abfolutely neceffary, but take Care that they be well waſhed and fquabbed once a Day, and the Air let into the Hold as frequently as may be. Officers to have their
 XXVIII. He fhall permit every Officer to poffefs the Cabbin alproper Cab lotted to him by the Cuſtom of the Navy, and not make any Variation therein. bins. To take Care ofthe Cables. The Seamen
 XXIX. No Perfon is to lie upon the Orlop, but by Leave from the Captain ; nor is any Perfon to go amongſt the Cables with Candles, but when the Service fhall require it, by Order of the Captain, or the Commanding Officer of the Watch, and under the Care of a QuarterDeck Officer.
 XXX. Such as fmoak Tobacco are to take it in the Forecaſ to SmoakTo- tle, and in no other Place, taking all poffible Care to bacco in proper Places. prevent Accidents from Fire.
 XXXI. And ( 29 )
 XXXI. Fire Watch. And for the further preventing fuch Accidents, Care Toput out is to be taken every Night, that immediately upon the Candle at Setting of the Watch, both Fire and Candle be put out Setting the in the Cock- Room, Hold, Steward- Room, Cock- Pit, and every where between Decks, the Mafter at Arms, or fome other careful Officer, being fent about to fee the fame performed ; nor are Candles to be uſed in any other Part of the Ship, but in Lanthorns, without the Captain's Leave.
 XXXII. tle Abroad. He is not to fuffer any Perfon whatſoever to futtle, None tofutor fell any Sort of Liquors to the Ship's Company, nor any Debts for the fame to be inferted in the Slop -Book, under Pretence of Cloaths or Tobacco iffued to the Seamen.
 XXXIII. the Ship's Before the Ship proceeds to Sea, or as foon after as How to rate poffible, he is to call together his Firft- Lieutenant, Company. Mafter, and Boatfwain, and take their Affiftance, (as alſo the Gunner's and Carpenter's, for their Crews) in examining and rating the Ship's Company, according to their Abilities, which he is to do without Partiality or Favour, and particularly not to rate any as inferior Officers, but thofe who are properly qualified ; and to take ſtrict Care that every Perfon in the Ship, with out Regard or Diftinction, do actually perform the Service for which he is rated. And, for his Inftruction in ( 30 ) Number of Midshipmen Ordinary in rating the Ship's Company, it is here declared, that none fhall be rated Able but who have ferved three Years (at leaſt) at Sea, and are capable of doing the Duty of an Able Scamen; nor Midſhipmen, till they have ferved four Years, and are in all Refpects qualified for it ; nor will they be paid as fuch, unleſs they produce regular Journals to the Commiffioner who comptrolls the Payment of the Ship. And the fame is expected from the Mafter's Mates.
 XXXIV. None are to be rated Midshipmen Ordinary, but fuch as have ferved Volunteers by Order ; and they allowed. who are fo rated , fhall receive the Pay of an Able Scamen, upon their producing a Certificate from their Captain that they are qualified, and did the Duty of Midshipmen. The Number each Ship is allowed to bear, is as follows, viz. To quarter the Ship's Company. Rate. On board a 3d 4th 5th 6th - - D -
 XXXV. No. 4. 3
 . 2. 1. Before the Ship fails, the Captain is to make a Regulation for Quartering the Officers and Men, diftributing them to the Great Guns, Small Arms, Rigging, ( 31 ) • ging, &c. And that every Man may the better know his Station and Duty in Cafe of Action, he is not only to cauſe a general Table, expreffing the Men's Names, and their reſpective Quarters, to be hung up in fome public Place of the Ship, but alſo particular Bills of Parchment to be fixed in every Quarter, and over every Gun, containing the Men's Names appointed to To exercise cach Quarter. And he is to difcipline the Ship's Com- them at the pany frequently in the Exercife of the Great Guns and and Small Small Arms, to render them more expert in Time of Arms. Battle, and to fet down in his Journal the Times he exerciſes them,
 XXXVI. Great Guns Secretary of If any Officers are abfent from their Duty, when To inform the the Ship is under Sailing Orders, he is timely to fend the Admiralty their Names up to the Secretary of the Admiralty, of Officers, with the Caufe of their Abfence that (if it fhall be under Sailing thought proper) other Officers may be fent down in their Room.
 XXXVII. abfent, when Orders. of the Boats He is to carry his full Number of Boats to Sea, and To take Care to take Care to fecure them before blowing Weather; and Colours. he is to huſband the Ship's Colours, and not to keep them abroad in windy Weather, the Pendant being a fufficient Mark of Diftinction
 .
 XXXVIII. He is not to carry any Woman to Sea, nor to en- To carry no tertain any Foreigners to ferve in the Ship, nor who are Foreign OffiOfficers cersto Sca. ( 32 ) To convoy Ships bound his Way. To keep a Journal. Officers or Gentlemen, without Orders from the Admiralty.
 XXXIX. When he is to fail from one Port to another in Time of War, or Appearance of War, he is to give timely Notice to the Maſters of Merchant-fhips bound his Way, and take fuch of them under his Care and Protection, as fhall be defirous and ready to accompany him, but not to`make any unneceffary Stay, or deviate from his Orders upon that Account. He is to give the faid Ships, as alſo to ſuch others as he fhall meet with in his Paffage, fafe Convoy towards the Ports whereto they are bound, as far as his and their Way lie together.
 XL. He is, from the Time of his going on Board, to keep a Journal, according to the Form fet down in Page 158, 159. ) and be careful to note therein all Occurrences, viz. Place where the Ship is at Noon ; Changes of Wind and Weather; Salutes, with the Reaſons thereof; Remarks on unknown Places ; and in general, every Circumftance that Concerns the Ship, her Stores and Provifions. At the End of every Six Months he is to fend a Copy of his Journal for the faid Time, to the Secretary of the Admiralty ; and at the Expiration of the Voyage, to deliver a general Copy of his Journal, figned by himſelf, into the Admiralty and Navy- Offices.
 XLI. He ( 33 )
 XLI. Secretary of ceedings, and the Ship. He is, by all Opportunities, to fend particular To inform the Accounts of his Proceedings to the Secretary of the the Admiralty Admiralty, mentioning therein the Condition of the of his ProShip, Men, Stores, and Proviſions, together with all Condition of other Occurrences which he has met with, deferving Notice. He is never to omit owning the Receipt of Orders fent to him from the Admiralty; and he is likewiſe to keep a punctual Correſpondence with the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Sick and Wounded, per Offices, and other Publick Offices, in whatſoever refpectively concerns them.
 XLII. If he is withcorrespond the proHe is not to go into any other Port than fuch as his Nottogo into Port unnecefOrders direct him, unleſs by inevitable Neceffity, and farily. then to make no unneceffary Stay there. employed in a cruizing Station, he is to keep the Sea the Time required by his Orders ; but if he is compelled by any Accident to return fooner into Port, he is to fend in Writing the Reaſons thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, as alfo to the Commander in Chief, if any fuch be there, and to put to Sea again ſo ſoon as the Ship's Wants are ſupplied.
 XLIII. choring. Upon all Occafions of Anchoring, he is to be very Directions careful in the Choice of a good Berth, and when he about Anis at Anchor in Roads where he is a Stranger, to cauſe the Maſter, or fome other careful Officer, to E found ( 34 ) Topermit found, at leaſt, as far as two or three Cables Diſtance round the Ship, in order to inform him of the Nature of the Ground, and to diſcover if any hidden Rocks or Shoals be near ; and he is to note down in his Journal the most proper Places for Anchoring, with the Depth of Water, Bearings of Points, and Lands, and fuch other Remarks as he fhall judge neceffary.
 XLIV. When any Cuſtom- Houſe Officer fhall come on Cufom-house Board, upon the Arrival of the Ship in any of His comeAboard. Majefty's Ports, they are not to be obftructed or illOfficers to To demand men out of treated in the Execution of their Duty, His Majefty's Ships being liable to Vifitation as well as the Ships of Merchants ; and if they ſhall be in Need of the Ship's Provifions during their Stay on Board, he is to order them to be victualled as the Ship's Company.
 XLV. When he meets with any Foreign Ship or Veffel, English Sea- he is to fend a Commiffion Officer to enquire if any foreignShips
 . Seamen, who are his Majefty's Subjects, be on Board her, and to demand all fuch, obliging their Maſters to pay them their Wages to that Day. But this is to be done with civil and friendly Behaviour on the Part of His Majefty's Officers, who are to be very careful not to offer any Violence or ill Treatment to the Subjects of His Majeſty's Friends or Allies
 .
 XLVI. When ( ડ્રેડ )
 XLVI. MAYO 3 reen the Ship When the Ship is in Foreign Parts, where there are Howto cano Naval Officers, and there fhall be an abfolute in Foreign Neceffity to careen her, the Captain is to do it with Parts. the beſt Huſbandry, and not to hire any Mafter ShipWrights to ſuperviſe the Work, which is to be done by the Carpenter of the Ship.
 XLVII. up ceffarilyfor careening the Ship. He is not to hire any Veffels for careening the Ship, Not to hire or receiving her Stores or Provifions, unleſs the fame be Veffels unneabfolutely neceffary; and in that Cafe not to take more Tonnage than is needful ; nor to keep the fame longer than the Service will want ; all which is to be proved by Certificates from the Signing Officers, and that the Rates the Veffels were hired at were as reafonable as could be procured in thoſe Parts ; and the faid Certificates are to mention the Tonnage of the Veffels, Number of Men belonging to them, the Services they have been employed on, and the Time employed upon each diftinct Service.
 XLVIII. Charge. He is never to cauſe the Ship to be painted either Not to paint within Board or without, nor to bring any Charge in be any un- the Ship, or his Accounts for Commiffion- Money, nor to bream necary the Ship with old Junk, old Ropes, or Tar, when Brush or other Materials can be had; and what old Mafts, Spars, Deals, and other Things remain after E 2 the ( 36 ) the Cleaning is over, are to be charged on the proper Offices for future Ufe. IC
 XLIX. Not to hire None are to be employed, but the Company of the unneceffarily Artificers Ship, in careening and refitting her ; but if, by for refitting Reafon of Death or Sickneſs, there fhall be an abfolute the Ship. Neceffity of hiring any Sort of Artificers from the Shore, their Names are to be entered on a Lift, and they are to be daily muſtered, and kept to their Works, and diſcharged as foon as they can be fpared : And as they are to be hired on the cheapeſt Terms, ſo they are to be paid by the faid Lift, in the Prefence of two or more Commiffion or Warrant Officers, who are to atteſt the ſaid Payments. Carpenters, employed in
 L. Allowances to And to encourage fuch Carpenters, Shipwrights, and Shipwrights , Caulkers, as ferve in His Majefty's Ships in Foreign andCaulkers, Parts, and fhall be employed in Working, either in their refitting the own or other Ships of His Majefty, while they are Ship. refitting, the Captain of the Ship, which they work upon, fhall make them the following Allowance by the Day, viz. To ( 37 ) Barbadoes, Eaft-Indies, Antegoa, and Jamaica, and other Parts Coaft of Africa. of the Weft-Indies. All other Foreign Parts. Sterling. Sterling. S.
 d.
 l. S.
 d.
 l. s.
 d. To Mafter Carpenters, Carpenters Mates, Shipwrights, and Caulkers, for working on Board the Ship they belong to, in Caulking and Fitting her for the Careen, and Careening, and Graving or Tallowing her, - For working on Board any] other of His Majesty's 7. Sterling. 0 16 Ships,
 LI. 。 , · 。 O I 30 2 0 1 6 Allowance. But to prevent any Abuſe of this Encouragement, it Limitation is here declared , that there ſhall be no more allowed for the aforefaid Caulking a Ship, fitting her for the Careen, Graving or Tallowing her, or other neceffary Works for each Careening or Cleaning, than what amounts to the Labour of the following Number of Men for one Day, viz. Rate. Menfor a Day. For aft 2d 1 1 1 - 570. 500. For ( 38 ) Rate. Menfor a Day. For a 3d of 80 Guns 70 4th 60 50 5th 40 30 6th 20 Sloops - t 1 440. 308. 252. 200. 160. 2 1 1 1 140. 90. 32. To take up Money Abroad at change.
 LII. When there fhall be an indifpenfible Neceffity of taking up Money for the Uſe of the Ship, the Captain the beſt Ex- is to make his Intentions of doing it publickly known, and to negotiate it at the beſt Exchange, which he is to get certified by the Governor or Conful, where there are any, or elfe by two or three of the moſt eminent Merchants of the Place. To advise the LIH
 . He is to give timely Notice to the proper Office of of what Bills what Bills he draws upon the fame, with the Reaſons hedraws, and thereof, and to fend home with the faid Bills, or as Send Home Accounts of foon after as may be, Duplicates of his Accounts, and his Difburfe- Vouchers for the Diſburſements of the faid Money, taking Care that all Payments be witneffed by two or ments. more ( 39 ) more Commiffion or Warrant Officers, and that the Receipts do exprefs the Quality, Quantity, and Price of each Species bought, with the exact Size, Length, and Weight of Cordage ; and that the Governor, Conful, or Merchants as aforefaid, do certify, that the Bargains were according to the Market Price.
 LIV. Abroad to be He is to take Care that all bought Stores be delivered Stores bought into the Cuſtody of the proper Officers, taking their keptbythe Receipts, and to charge the fame againſt them in his proper OffBooks, and to fend Copies of the faid Charge, by the firſt Opportunity, to the proper Office
 .
 LV. cers. Books and Upon the Death of any Officer, he is immediately feal up the to cauſe an Inventory to be taken of all his Books and Papers of Papers, as well public as private, in the Preſence of dead Officers. (at leaſt ) two of the Signing Officers, and to have the fame atteſted by them: He is to fee the faid Books and Papers carefully fealed up, and preſerved for the Ufe of the Executors, or fuch as fhall have a Right to demand them ; to whom, with the Inventory, they are to be delivered.
 LVI. When any Officer, who has the Cuftody of Stores Stores of or Proviſions, ſhall die, or be removed or ſuſpended Officer's dead from his Employment, he is to cauſe an exact Survey to befur- to be forthwith taken of the Remains of fuch Stores veyed. or or removed, ( 40 ) with Sucor Provifions, and an Inventory of the fame, in Words at Length, to be attefted and figned by the Succeffor, (who is to keep a Duplicate thereof) and alfo by the furveying Officers, (who are to be ſo exact and careful in taking the Survey, as to be juſtified on Oath, if required) which he is to tranſmit, by the firſt Opportunity, to the proper Office, to remain there as a Charge againſt him. If the Ship is in Company with other Men of War, he muſt apply to the Commander in Chief, or to the Senior Officer, to order the faid Survey.
 LVII. When remo- In Cafe he fhall be removed himſelf into another ved himself, to leave Ship, he is to fhew the Originals of all fuch Orders as pies ofOrders have been fent to him, and remain unexecuted, to his ceffor; Succeffor, and leave with him attefted Copies of the fame, which fhall be fufficient Warrant to his faid Succeffor, to put them in Execution. And a complete Mufter- Book. Number of Men that
 LVIII. He is likewife to leave with the faid Succeffor one compleat Mufter- Book, with all the Columns duly filled, and to fend all the other Books and Accounts under his Charge to the Offices they reſpectively relate to, in order to the paffing his Accounts.
 LIX. When a Captain is removed by Commiffion from moved with one Ship into another, he is allowed to carry along may be rea Gaptain into another Ship. with ( 41 ) with him the following Number of Men, including his Servants, viz. Rate. From a ift 2d 1 1 Men. 80. 65. 3d 4th 5th 6th 1 50. 40. 20. - 10.
 LX. to In Cafe of Shipwreck or other Diſaſter whereby the Incafe of Ship may perish, the Officers and Men are ſtrictly charged fave as much to ſtay with the Remains of the Ship , ( when the fame aspible. can be done) and to employ themſelves in faving what they can of her Hull, Furniture, Stores, Provifions, &c. And, for their Encouragement, they fhall continue in Pay during their Attendance on that Service. If the Provifions of the Ship are loft, the Captain is to ſubfift them, and may draw Bills upon the Commiffioners of the Victualling for the fame.
 LXI. When the Ship comes to the Port where ſhe is to be To draw up laid up, the Captain is to affemble the Officers proper together, and draw up an Account of the Obferva- of the Ship. F tions an Account of the Qualities ( 42 ) To make up his PayBooks. A Flag- Offi- cer or Cammillioner of the Navy to fign Tickets. tions that have been made during the Voyage of the Qualities of the Ship ; the ftanding of her Mafts ; Quantity of Ballaft ; Draught of Water; beft failing Trim ; Stowage ; Manner of Sailing ; and fuch other Circumftances as may be neceffary for the Information and Guidance of thoſe who may command her afterwards ; which Account, figned by himſelf and the Officers, he is to deliver to the Commiffioners of the Navy at the Port, and tranſmit a Duplicate of the fame to the Navy-Board.
 LXII. When Orders ſhall come for laying up the Ship, he is, before he leaves her, to prepare five Pay- Books, with the Affiftance of his Purfer, according to the Form fet down in Page ( 160, 161 ) together with three Alphabets ; taking Care, that the Pages of the Pay- Books agree together in the Number of Names, and to tranſmit the fame without any Delay, to the Navy- Board, figned by himſelf and figning Officers, that His Majefty may not be put to an unneceffary Charge in continuing the Ship in Pay for Want thereof; and he and his Officers are to attend the Payment of her.
 LXIII. If there be Occafion to diſcharge any of the Men when the Ship is under Orders to be paid off, they are to be carried to a Flag Officer, or to a Commiffioner of the Navy at the Out- Ports, or to the Commiffioners of the Navy at their Office in London, who are to 1 examine ( 43 ) examine their Qualifications, and if they find themagreeCable to their rating, to fign their Tickets, otherwiſe they will be paid Ordinary. And all Men who ftand open upon the Pay- Books, at the Time of any Ship's Payment, and do not appear in Perſon to receive their own Wages, fhall likewife be paid but Ordinary, unleſs it fhall appear to the Commiffioner who comptrolls the Pay, that they are duly rated on the Ship's Books.
 LXIV. He is to be very diligent in clearing the Ship from all her Stores and Provifions, and neither to depart from her himſelf, nor fuffer the Officers or Men to go afhore, until the Ship is paid, and wholly unrigged and clear, and to deliver her fo into the Charge of the Officers of the Yard.
 LXV. To deliver the Ship clear to the Officers of the Yard. Tobe Conduct of every Bodyin Laftly, Whereas the Charge and Command of the able for the Ship, and of the Officers and Men ferving therein, are entirely entruſted to the Captain, and the Welfare and the Ship. good Management of the Whole does in eſpecial Manner depend upon his Oeconomy and Prudence, he is to underſtand, though the ſeveral Rules contained in the following Parts of this Book are forted into different Chapters, for better Order and Clearnefs, that nevertheleſs he is himſelf reſponſible for the whole Conduct and good Government of the Ship, and for the due Execution of all Regulations here fet down which concern the feveral Duties of the Officers and F 2 Com- ( 44 ) Clerk. Company of the Ship, who are to obey him in all Things which he ſhall direct them for His Majeſty's Service. Tobeanfwer- And whereas, by the Eſtabliſhment of the Navy, he able for the Faults of his is allowed a Clerk, he is to look upon himſelf to be accountable for all Errors or Frauds committed by the ſaid Clerk, who is regarded no otherwiſe than as his Inftrument, and one appointed to ſerve him in the Execution of his Office. To receive no Wages without proper and to make mages. And, as he is not to receive his Wages without producing Certificates from the Secretary of the Admiralty, Certificates , and from the Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, and Sick and good allDa- Wounded Offices, that they have nothing to object againſt him, ſo he is to expect to make good out of his Wages any Damage His Majefty may have fuftained from his Neglect or Irregularity ; and in caſe of the Ship's being paid off before fuch Diſcovery is made, to anfwer the fame out of his Half- Pay, or be otherwiſe accountable, as the Lord High Admiral, or Lord's Commiffioners of the Admiralty, ſhall judge proper. Rules ( 45 ) Rules of Difcipline and good Governmentto be obferved on Board His Majefty's Ships ofWar. Article
 I. to good IN the firſt Place, the Commanders of His Majefty's Commanders Ships are ftrictly required to fhew in themſelves a Examplesto good Example of Honour and Virtue to their Officers their Men, and to punifo and Men ; and next, to be very vigilant in reſpecting the Vice. Behaviour of all fuch as are under them, and to dif countenance and fupprefs all diffolute, immoral, and diforderly Practices, and all fuch as are contrary to the Rules of Diſcipline and Obedience, and to correct thoſe who are guilty of the fame, according to the Ufage of the Sea.
 II. vice to be reThe Commanders of His Majefty's Ships are to take Divine SerCare that Divine Service be performed twice a Day on gularly perBoard, according to the Liturgy of the Church offormed. England, and a Sermon preached on Sundays, unleſs bad Weather or fome extraordinary Accidents prevent it.
 III. If ( 46 ) Puniſhment of Swearing, &c. any
 III. If ſhall be heard to Swear, Curfe, or Blafpheme the Name of GOD, the Captain is ftrictly required to punish them for every Offence by caufing them to wear a wooden Collar, or fome other fhameful Badge of Diſtinction, for fo long a Time as he fhall judge proper. If he be a Commiffion Officer, he fhall forfeit One Shilling for each Offence, and a Warrant or inferior Officer, Sixpence
 . He who is guilty of Drunkenness. Drunkenneſs, if a Seamen, ſhall be put into Irons until he is ſober ; but if an Officer, he fhall forfeit Two Days Pay. And of Captains not to punish beyond Twelve Lahes, but to inform against the Offender. charge or puIV. No Commander fhall inflict any Puniſhment upon a Seamen, beyond Twelve Laſhes upon his bare Back with a Cat of Nine Tails, according to the ancient Practice of the Sea ; but if the Fault fhall deferve a greater Punishment, he is either to apply to the Commander in Chief, or inform the Secretary of the Admiralty if the Ship is at Home, in order to the Offender's being brought to a Court- Martial, if it fhall be thought proper, and in the mean Time he may put him under Confinement.
 V. Not to dif- The Captain is never, by his own Authority, to nish difcharge a Commiffion or Warrant Officer, nor to ficer,butonly punish or ftrike him ; but if any are diſobedient to fufpend Command, ( 47 ) Command, or behave themſelves fo ill, that he judges them unfit for their Duty, he may ſuſpend or confine them ; and when he comes in the Way of a Commander in Chief, apply to him for holding a CourtMartial; otherwife he is to acquaint the Secretary of the Admiralty therewith.
 VI. The Officer, who commands on Board, by Accident of the Captain's Abfence, (unleſs he be abfent for a Time by Leave) fhall not order any Correction, but Confinement; from which however he is not to releaſe the Offender before the Captain's Return on Board, and then give him an Account of the Reaſons for his ſo doing.
 VII. The Captain is to cauſe the Articles of War to be hung up in fome Public Places of the Ship, and read to the Ship's Company once a Month. None under the Captain to punifb. Articles of a War tobe read once a Month. Inftructions ( 48 ) Inftructions relating to theExecution oftwo Acts ofParliament paſſed Anno Imo. Geo. II
 . in Favour of Seamen employed in His Majefty's Service. Volunteers to begin Wages from their Entry, and paid Two ges Advance WH Article
 I. HEN any of His Majefty's Ships fhall be in Want of Men, and any Seamen, or able- bodied Landmen, ſhall enter voluntarily with a Commiffion Officer Months Wa- of the Fleet appointed to raiſe Men, and ſhall repair on Board within Fourteen Days, if the Place where he enters be not above One Hundred Miles diftant from the Ship ; or within the Space of Twenty Days, if the Ship be at a greater Diſtance than One Hundred Miles ; or within the Space of Thirty Days, if the Diſtance be more than TwoHundred Miles, the Captain fhall- enter his Name on the Ship's Books for Wages from the Day of his Entry, and for Victuals from the Time of his Appearance ; and fo foon as the Ship is fully man'd he fhall fend Three Lifts of the Names of all fuch Volunteers to the NavyBoard, in the Forms hereunto annexed, Page ( 162, 163 , 164) in order to their being paid Conduct- Money, (to be computed from the Place of Entry) and an Advance of Two Months Wages, before the Ship proceeds to Sea.
 II. In ( 49 )
 II. plied with Board. In cafe any of the faid Seamen or Landmen fhall, at May be ſuptheir Requeſt, be ſupplied with Slop- Clothes or Bedding, Slops at first at their coming on Board, the Captain is carefully to goingon fet off the Value of the fame againſt their Names in the Lifts he fends to the Navy- Board for Payment of the Two Months Advance of Wages, in order to their deducting the fame. Iir. moved volunchange for entitled to When a Captain is removed from one Ship to another, Seamen reand takes along with him his Servants, or any others tarily, orenout of the Ship, (who fhall not be turned over by Order tering in Exfrom the Admiralty, but ſhall voluntarily go) it is here others, not declared, that all fuch Perſons, and alfo Seamen entering in Exchange for others diſcharged at their own Re- Moricy. queft, have no Title to the Advance of Two Months Wages, and the Captain is ftrictly charged not to infert any fuch in the Lifts he ſhall make out for that Purpoſe.
 IV. Advanceto cers and SeaWhen the Ship fhall have been in Commiffion Six Two Months whole Months, if ſhe be then in any Port of Great- Wages in Six Britain, or on the Coafts thereof, and not under inferior OffOrders to be paid off, the Captain fhall make out Three Pay Lifts, according to the Form hereunto annexed, Page ( 166, 167. ) containing the Names of all the Inferior Officers and Seamen belonging to the G Ship men. ( 50 ) To bepaid to their Attorneys in their Abſence. The fame to be done every Ship under his Command, ſpecifying in ſuch Lift, the Days on which every particular Man was entered on the Ship's Books, and fend the faid Lifts, figned by himſelf and the Signing Officers, to the Navy- Board, in order to their paying them Two Months Wages.
 V. But if at the End of the faid Six Months, the Ship fhall be on the Coaſt of Ireland, or in Foreign Parts, the Captain fhall then muſter his Company, and fet down in Lifts as aforefaid the Names of fuch inferior Officers and Seamen only, who fhall deſire to have Two Months Wages paid in London to their Attorneys, and fend the fame Home, by the firſt fafe Opportunity, to the Navy-Board.
 VI. When the Ship fhall have been Twelve Months in Six Months Sea-pay, the Captain is to make out other Pay- Lifts while the Ship as aforefaid, of the Names of the inferior Officers and is in Commiffion. Whoare meant by InSeamen belonging to the Ship under his Command, and tranfmit the fame to the Navy- Board, and fo from Time to Time to obferve to do the fame at the End of every enfuing Six Months, until the Ship fhall be finally paid off.
 VII. As to the Term, Inferior Officers, the Captain is to ferior Offi- take Notice, that the fame does not include any Commiffion Officer, nor any Warrant Officer, except the cers. Second ( 51 ) Second Mafter, Surgeon's Mates, Cook, Armourer, Gunfmith, School- mafter, Mafter at Arms, Corporal, and Sail-Maker. :
 VIII. Ship's Company. But notwithſtanding what is before directed, for the At the End making out Pay- Lifts at the End of every Six Months, of Eighteen for the Inferior Officers and Seamen only, in order to Twelve their being paid Two Months Wages, yet if it fhall Months Wa- ges to be paid fo happen, that at the End of Eighteen Months, the to the whole Ship fhall be in any Port of Great- Britain, or on the Coafts of the fame, the Captain ſhall then make out Pay- Books for Twelve Months, containing the Names of all the Officers and Seamen in the Ship, and tranſmit the fame to the Navy- Board, it being directed by the Act, that the whole Company fhall then receive Twelve Months Pay, including what may have been advanced.
 IX. The Captain is to make out the like Pay- Books The fame to every Time that the Ship fhall have been Eighteen be repeated every EighMonths in Sca-Pay, beyond the Time fhe has been teen Months cleared to, in order to the Officers and Company being paid Twelve Months Wages again, as before.
 X. The Captain is to take Care, when any Inferior Not to under, Officers, or Voluntier Seamen are turned over into the rate turnedShip under his Command from any other Ship, not to G 2 rate over Men. ( 52 ) Captain to fend Lifts with his turned-over Men. A whole Ship's Comrate them on the Ship's Books in a worfe Quality, or lower Degree or Station, than they ferved in the Ship they were removed from ; and for his Guidance he is to demand from the Commander of the Ship from which they were turned over, a Lift, under his Hand, of their Names and Qualities. He is to ſend Lifts of the faid Men to the Navy- Board, in order to their receiving Two Months Wages Advance, before the Ship proceeds to Sea. But if there be more Inferior Officers than the Eſtabliſhment of the Ship allows, he is immediately to acquaint the Secretary of the Admiralty therewith.
 XI. When a Captain is ordered to turn over any Inferior Officers or Voluntier Seamen from the Ship under his Command, into any other of His Majefty's Ships, he is not only to deliver a Liſt of their Names and Qualities to the Captain of the Ship they are removed into, but to fend alſo compleat Pay- Lifts to the Navy- Board, in order to their being paid the Wages due to them, as well as the Advance of two Months Wages.
 XII. It is to be understood, that if any Ship is by Accident pany turned difabled from going to Sea, and her whole Company is removed into another Ship, the fame is not to be Benfit of the taken to be a Turning-over within the Meaning of the ever, not entitled to the Act of Par- lament A&t
 .
 XIII. For ( 53 )
 XIII. Seamen ferment in For a further Encouragement to Seamen who fhall Voluntier ferve His Majefty voluntarily, if any fuch Seamen can be discharged at any Time get better Preferment in any other of His for their PreMajefty's Ships, than he has in the Ship he belongs to, another Ship. the Captain he ferves with is hereby required to dif charge him to the Captain defiring him, upon the ſaid Captain's giving him a good Man in his Room.
 XIV. his No Letter of lid,unless attefted by the Attorney vaby are Captain, ·Cheque, or The Captain is frequently to make known to Ship's Company, that no Letters of Attorney, made them to empower Perfons to receive their Wages, valid, unleſs they be made revocable, and figned before , Clerkof the and attefted by, the Captain or Commander, and one Mayor of other of the Signing Officers of the Ship to which they Town. belong; or by the Clerk of the Cheque of fome of the Dock Yards, or by the Mayor or Chief Magiftrate of fome Corporation.
 XV. a Seamen from He is to difcourage the Seamen of his Ship from Captain to felling any Part of their Wages, by all Ways and Means difcourage the poffible, and never to atteft to the Letter of Attorney felling their of any Seaman, until he is fully fatisfied that the fame Wages. is not granted in Confideration of Money given for the Purchaſe of his Wages.
 XVI. When ( 54 ) Tickets of deceafedScamen the Navy
 XVI. When an Inferior Officer or Seaman dies, the to be fent to Captain is forthwith to make out a Ticket for the Time of his Service, and fend the fame, by the firſt ſafe Conveyance to the Navy- Board, in order to the Wages being forthwith paid to the Executors or Adminiftrators of the Deceaſed. Board. Captain to receive on Board Sea in Foreign Parts.
 XVII. When any of His Majefty's Ships are in Foreign Parts, and His Majefty's Governors, Minifters or Conmen diftreffed fuls, or any Two or more Britiſh Merchants, ſhall apply to the Captain to receive any Scafaring Men or Boys, Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, who fhall, by Shipwreck, Capture, or other unavoidable Accident, be driven into thoſe Parts, he is to receive them on Board, and to bear fuch as come within his Complement for Wages and Victuals, and the Reft for Victuals only. He is ftrictly charged, upon his mecting with any of His Majefty's Ships, to inform himſelf from the Captain, if fhe is fhort of her Complement, and to put as many of his Supernumeraries on Board her, as fhall make her Complement, and to continue to do the fame, until they are all difpofed of; but if he ſhall not meet with any of His Majeſty's Ships, he is then to diſcharge and fet afhore the faid Supernumeraries at any Port in Great-Britain, that he ſhall be bound to. up Rules ( 55 ) Rules for the Cure of Sick or Hurt Seamen on Board their own Ships. Article
 I. NVENIENT Room ſhall be made between Decks, in all His Majeſty's Ships, for the Reception of Sick or Hurt Scamen, whither they are to be removed with their Hammacoes and Bedding, when the Surgeon ſhall advife the fame to be neceffary.
 II. A convenient Place to be fet apart for Sick Men. attend the The Captain is to appoint fome of the Ship's Com- Perfons to pany to attend and ferve the Sick Men Night and Day Sick. by Turns, and to keep the Place clean
 .
 III. to be made Men. The Cooper may, by the Captain's Directions, make Conveniencies out of any old Staves and Hoops, Buckets with Covers, for theSick for the neceffary Occafions of the Sick Men ; and if any of them have fractured Bones or fuch Ailments, as require their lying in Cradles, the Carpenter may make fuch a Number as fhall be neceflary.
 IV. be for All Ships of War, furniſhed with Fiſhing- Tackle, Fresh Fish to being in fuch Places where Fish is to be had, the Cap- the Sick Men. tain is to employ fome of the Company in Fiſhing; and ( 56 ) and the Fish, which fhall be caught, fhall be diftributed daily to fuch Perfons as are fick or upon Recovery; and if there be any Surplus, the fame ſhall be diftributed by Turns amongſt the Meffes of the Officers and Seamen, without Favour or Partiality, and gratis, without any Deduction of their Allowance of Provifion on that Account. In what CaJesfuch Men are tobe fent out of the Ship. Sick Men to byTicket, and Rules to be obferved in fending Sick or Hurt Seamen out of His Majefty's Ships for Cure. NONE Article
 I. are to be fent into the Hofpitals, either attending the Fleet, or afhore, but whofe Diftempers or Hurts are fuch, as may make it inconvenient to have them kept on Board their own Ships.
 II. When any Men are ordered into the Hoſpitals be fent afbore afhore, their Cloaths and Bedding are to be ſent their Cloaths along with them, together with a Ticket directed to and Bedding the Agent, expreffing their Names, Entry and Numthem. bers on the Ship's Books, with the Quality of their Diſeaſe or Hurt; which Ticket is to be figned by the Captain ( 57 ) Captain Surgeon, and other Signing Officers of the Ship.
 III. order If any of the faid Men fhall be in Want of proper Captain may Neceffaries at their going away from the Ship, the Slops, if Captain may order the Purfer to ſupply them out of the needful. Slop Cloaths.
 IV. Landing and The Captain is to take Care to fend the fick Men Care to be afhore under the Charge of a diſcreet Officer, accom- takenin panied by the Surgeon or one of his Mates, and that carryingthem to the Hofpithey be carefully fecured from the Weather, and to tal land them at the neareſt Place to the Hofpital ; and thofe Officers are to ſee them fafely conveyed thither, with proper Carriages or otherwiſe, at the Expence of the Hofpital.
 V. albore to the receive the The Captain is to fend a Commiffion Officer to the A Commiffion Hoſpital twice a Week ( on the Mufter Days) with a Officertogo Boat, to receive fuch of his own Men from the Agent Mufters, and as may be recovered
 . And he fhall likewife receive recovered fuch other recovered Men (whoſe Ships are not in Men. the Way) as the Agent fhall defire, unleſs any appear to be unfit for Service ; in which Cafe he is to give a Certificate thereof to the Agent for his Juſtification. H
 VI. He ( 58 ) Captain to receive recovfent to
 VI. He is likewife to receive fuch recovered Men, as an ered Men of Agent of the Sick and Wounded ſhall ſend to him, other Ships though the Ship be at a diftant Place from the Hofby the Agent. pital, unleſs they be unſerviceable ; and in that Caſe, fhall give the faid Men Certificates of his Refufal, and the Reaſon. Toreturn the Said Mento their own they are full, to Spare them to otherShips.
 VII. If the Captain who receives recovered Men belonging to another Ship, fhall meet with that Ship, Ships; but if he hall return them to their own Ship, bearing them to keep them, only for Victuals; but if their proper Ship fhall at that Time have her full Complement of Men, he is then to enter them as Part of his own Ship's Company, if he be in Want of Men, or otherwiſe to diſpoſe of them to fuch of His Majeſty's Ships as may not have compleated their Complements, where they are to be borne for Wages, from the Time they were received from fick Quarters. Agents may Supplyfick Men with
 VIII. If the Agent fhall certify to the Captain, that he has fupplied any Sick Men with Cloaths, whilft they Slops, if their were in Quarters, of which they were abfolutely in of theWay. Want he is to charge the fame againſt their Names Ship is out on the Ship's Books, in order to its being defalked out of their Wages; but the Agent is not to do it whilſt the Ship is in Port, but to apply to the Captain to be ſupplied out of the Slop Cloaths on Board.
 IX. If ( 59 )
 IX. return to If any Man, who is put afhore for Cure, does not A Query to return on Board his Ship as foon as he is diſcharged the Names of from fick Quarters, or is left in fick Quarters whenJuchasdonot the Ship departs, a Query is to be put againſt his Name, their Ships. which fhall be a Stop to the Payment of his Wages, until he proves that he was not able to get on Board his own Ship, but entered immediately into fome other of His Majeſty's Ships, or was diſcharged from fick Quarters as unfit for Service.
 X. The Captain is to correſpond with the Commiffioners Captain to of the Sick and Wounded, to know whether any of his withthe Sick Men in Quarters are Dead, Run, Difcharged, or other- andWounded wife difpofed of, in order to his noting the fame upon hisfick Men. his Books.
 XI. Office, about to vifit the Admirals and Commanders in Chief, as alfo the Commanders Commiffioner of the Navy, at the Ports where Hofpi- inChief,and tals are eſtabliſhed, are to viſit them frequently, and of the Navy, to ſee how the Men under Cure are treated, as well Hopitals at with reſpect to the Attendance of the Phyfician and the Ports. Surgeon, as alſo to their Food, Lodging, and other Circumftances. And the better to come at the Knowledge of any Abuſes they are to examine the Men, and hear their Complaints, and to redreſs themſelves little Irregularities upon the Spot ; but if they diſcover H 2 any ( 60 ) Captain to the Sick Men in Foreign Parts. any wilful Mifmanagement, they are to reprefent it to the Admiralty.
 XI. In caſe there ſhall be a Neceffity of putting fick or take Careof wounded Men afhore for Cure in Foreign Parts, where there are none of His Majefty's Hofpitals, nor any Correfpondents of the Sick and Wounded Office to take Charge of them, the Captain is to provide them with proper Food, Lodging, and other Neceffaries, (the Surgeon of the Ship and his Affiſtants attending on them in what relates to their Duty) and may draw Bills on the Commiffioners of the Sick and Wounded for what Expence he ſhall be at , paffing his Accounts thereof at the End of the Voyage. But as nothing will be allowed him thereon beyond the ufual Eſta bliſhment, he is, before he fails on a Foreign Voyage, to inform himſelf thereof from the Sick and Wounded Office, and receive from thence what Rules and Inftructions may be proper for his Knowledge and Guidance. of ( 61 ) Of the Provisions. Article
 I. ΤΗ Provifions. HERE fhall be allowed to every Man ferving Allowance of in His Majesty's Ships, a daily Proportion of Proviſions, according as is expreffed in the following Table, viz. Bifcuit, Beer, Beet, Pork, Peafe, Oatmeal, i Pounds, Gallons, Pounds, Pounds, Pint, Pint, Butter, Cheeſe , Averdu- Averdu- Winchester Winchefter Ounces. pois. Meaſure. pois. Averdu- Wine pois. Meaſure. Meaſure. Ounces, I I half. I 2 4 Sunday I Monday I Tueſday I 2 Wedneſday I Thursday Friday I Saturday · I I 2
 II.
 . I half. I 2 4 I half. I half. I 2 4 ned when the It is left to the Difcretion of the Commanders of MaybeſhortSquadrons to fhorten the aforefaid Allowance of Pro- Service revifions according to the Exigence of the Service, taking quires it. Care that the Men be punctually paid for the fame. The like Power is given to Captains of fingle Ships, in Cafes of abfolute Neceffity; but the Purfer is ftrictly charged not to fupply any Officer at whole Allowance, whilft the rest of the Company are at fhort ; but all are to be equal in Point of Victualling.
 III. In ( 62 ) Change of Species Voyages.
 III. In caſe it ſhall be thought for the Service to alter in Foreign any of the aforegoing Particulars of Proviſions in Ships employed in Foreign Voyages, it is to be obferved, that a Pint of Wine, or Half a Pint of Brandy, Rum, or Arrack, hold Proportion to a Gallon of Beer'; Four Pounds of Flour, or Three Pounds of the fame, with a Pound of Raifins ; Half a Pound of Currants, or Half a Pound of Beef Suet pickled, are equal to a Four Pound Piece of Beef, or Two Pound Piece of Pork with Peaſe ; Half a Pound of Rice is equal to a Pint of Oatmeal ; a Pint of Olive Oil is equal to a Pound of Butter, or to Two Pound of Suffolk Cheefe ; and Two Thirds of a Pound of Cheshire Cheeſe is equal to One Pound of Suffolk. Cafk ofFlesh to have the Contents marked on the Head. How the Flesh Meat
 IV. The Beef provided for His Majefty's Ships is to be cut into Four Pound Pieces, and the Pork into Two Pound Pieces ; and no unuſal Pieces are to be put up, ſuch as Leg Bones, Shins of Oxen, Cheeks of Hogs, Ox Hearts, &c. and every Cafk of Provifions is to have the Contents thereof marked on the Head.
 V. And to judge whether the Fleſh ſerved to His Mais to hold out jefty's Ships, holds out in juft Weight, the following inWeight. Rule is to be obferved, viz. Every Twenty- eight Pieces of Beef cut for Four Pound Pieces, taken out of ( 63 ) of the Caſk as they riſe, and the Salt ſhaken off, are to weigh One Hundred Pounds Averdupois ; and every Fifty- fix Pieces of Pork, cut for Two Pound Pieces, and taken out and fhaken in the like Manner, are to weigh One Hundred and Four Pounds ; and therefore if, according to this Standard, upon the weighing a whole Cafk of Beef or Pork, in the Prefence of two or more ofthe Warrant Officers of the Ship, there ſhall be found a Deficiency of Weight, the Captain may order the Purfer to iffue to the Seamen fo much more Beef or Pork as fhall make up the Deficiency; and upon producing the Oath of one of the faid Officers, together with the Commander's Certificate, that he did, by his Order, iffue to the Ship's Company the like Number of Pieces of Beef or Pork, in lieu of the Shortness of Weight, he ſhall have Credit for the ſame upon his Accounts.
 VI. If it fhall happen that any of His Majefty's Ships Beefto be if fued in defect fhall be in Want of Pork, the Captain is to order of Pork. Three Pounds of Beef to be iffued to the Men in lieu of a Two Pound Piece of Pork.
 VII. Suet in lieu of Beef. For the better Preſervation of the Health of the Sea- Flour and men, it is ordered , that one Day in every Week there fhall be iffued out to them a Proportion of Flour and Suet in lieu of Beef; but this is not to extend beyond Four Months Victualling at one Time, nor shall the Purfer ( 64 ) Only Three terand Purfer receive any Allowance for Flour or Suet kept longer on Board than that Time. And there fhall be ſupplied once a Year, from the Victualling Office, a Proportion of Canvas for Pudding Bags, after the Rate of One Ell to every Sixteen Men.
 VIII. In the Victualling His Majefty's Ships for Foreign Months But- Voyages, there fhall be only fupplied Three Months for Foreign Butter and Cheeſe, the Remainder of thofe Species Voyages. being to be made up in Olive Oil ; but for the Mediterranean, the Purfers are to be fupplied with Credit or Foreign Money, (if Credit cannot be had) for procuring Oil Abroad. Allowance of
 IX. There fhall be allowed to every Ship, in Home Water-Cafk. Voyages, One Tun of Caſk for Water-Cafk, Iron bound, with one Bundle of Wood Hoops, and one of Flags, (if required) for every Hundred Men per Month , and fo proportionably ; but in Foreign Voyages there fhall be allowed fuch farther Quantity of Water Caſk as the Ship can conveniently ftow, or ſhall be thought neceffary. Beer-Cafk to have the ConX. In Ships employed in Home Service, half the Quantentsmarked tity of Beer taken on Board fhall be contained in Ironan the Head, bound Caſk; but in Foreign Voyages, Three Fourths of the Beer Caſk fhall be Iron-bound : And no Cafk fhall be ( 65 ) be uſed for Beer, but what have been gauged by a Sworn Guager, who is to mark on the Head the Contents in Gallons, Winchester Meaſure.
 XI. be new All Caſk, ſupplied to Ships bound on Foreign Voy- All Cafk to ages, whether for Beer or for Water, fhall be new, to Foreign Voyprevent any Occafion of buying Caſk Abroad.
 XII. ages. in Chief: Though all Warrants for Victualling do properly Provisions to be fupplied by iffue from the Lord High Admiral, or Lord's Com- Order ofthe miffioners of the Admiralty; yet, if any of His Ma- Commander jefty's Ships fhall happen to come into Port in Want of Provifions, the Warrant of a Commander in Chief fhall be fufficient to the Agent, or other Inftrument of the Victualling, to fupply the Quanity wanted ; or of a Capand, in urgent Cafes, where delay may be hurtful, tain, in urthe Warrant of the Captain of the Ship fhall be of equal Effect.
 XIII. gent Cafes. When any Veffels come on Board with Provifions, Victualling or other Stores, they are not to be fuffered to loiter Velsto be by the Ship's Side, but forthwith to be unladen and and not flope fent away; nor fhall the Captain of one Ship ftop a Veffel that is configned to another Ship, or take out any Part of her Lading. I
 XIV. All ped. ( 66 ) Provifions to be on out Chargeto intothe Slings
 XIV. All fupplies of Proviſions are to be put on Board Board with the Ships without any Charge to the Purfer for Lightthe Purfer, erage, Porterage, or otherwiſe, and with all the Difand delivered patch poffible ; and the Maſters of the Veffels, or of the Ships
 . Lighters, by whom the Proviſions are ſent, ſhall ſee the fame put into the Slings or Tackles of the Ship they are configned to, by careful Men belonging to the Ship ; and fhall likewife deliver to the Captain a perfect Bill of Lading, under the Hand of the Victualling Officer, that he may fee if the Whole is brought on Board. Provifions damaged through If any
 XV. Provifions flip out of the Slings, or are otherwife damaged or loft by Malice or Careleffneſs of the to bepaidfor
 . Ship's Company, the Captain is to charge the Value againſt the Wages of the Offender, and give a Certificate to the Purfer, expreffing how the fame happened, with the Name of the Offender, and the Sum charged against him, that the Purfer may be allowed it on his Accounts. No Provifions to be refufed till Jurveyed.
 XVI. No Provifions fent off for the Supply of His Majeſty's Ships, ſhall be refuſed on Pretence of their being old and unfit for keeping, unleſs there fhall be reaſonable Ground to object against any fuch Provifions; and, in that Cafe, the Captain or Commanding Officer fhall ( 67 ) fhall firft caufe the fame to be furveyed by the proper Officers, who are faithfully to report to him, under their Hands, the Condition thereof; and, if the faid Provifions fhall then appear to be unfit for the Uſe of the Ship, he is to return them to the Officer of the Victualling who fent them off, together with the original Survey for his Juftification.
 XVII. into. The Captain is frequently to order the proper Offi- Proviſions to cers to infpect into the Condition of the Provifions ef- befrequently pecially in Foreign Voyages, and if the Bread proves damp, to have it aired upon the Quarter Deck or Poop ; and alfo to examine the Fleſh Cafk ; and if any Pickle be leaked out, to have new made and put in, and the Cafk made tight and fecured.
 XVIII. Spared to anoby a new Supply from the Agent. If the Purſer of a Ship ſhall have ſupplied the Purſer Provisions of another Ship at Sea with Provifions, by Order in the Ship, to Writing from his Captain, the Receipt of the Purfer be madegood who received the Provifions, together with the Captain's Order, fhall be fufficient Warrant to the Agent or other Inftrument of the Victualling, at the next Port the Ship fhall put into, to ſupply him with the like Quantity, upon producing the faid Order and Receipt. I 2
 XIX. When ( 68 ) Fresh Meat twice a Week in Port. Prize Provifions may be Majefty's Ships, if in Want.
 XIX. When any of His Majefty's Ships fhall come into Port, either at Home or Abroad, where there is an Officer of the Victualling, they ſhall be ſupplied Two Days in the Week with freſh Beef or Mutton, one Day in lieu of falt Beef, and the other in lieu of falt Pork, when it can be conveniently done, for which the Captains are to fend their Boats. And it is to be obſerved, that Three Pounds of Mutton are to be accounted equal to a Four Pound Piece of Beef, or to a Two Pound Piece of Pork with Peaſe.
 XX. When any Prizes ſhall be taken from an Enemy in Jued toHis Foreign Parts, and it ſhall be judged neceffary by the Commander in Chief to fupply the Wants of His Majeſty's Ships out of their Provifions, the fame fhall be firft regularly furveyed, and fuch Quantities thereof, as fhall be found good in their Kind, may be iffued to the Purfers, and they be charged therewith. But no Part thereof fhall be ferved out to the Men, whilſt any of His Majefty's Provifions of the fame Species are remaining, nor fhall any Allowance be made for the Damage that may accrue to them in keeping
 . And, as to their Value, the fame Price fhall be paid as is allowed to Purfers who have Credit upon the Balance of their Accounts. of ( 69 ) Ofthe Payment ofShort-Allowance Money. Article
 I. WHEN Money is ordered for the Payment of The Captain • Short-Allowance Short-Allow- , or the Ship comes into Port tomakeout to be laid up, the Captain, with the Affiftance of ance Lifts. the Purfer, is to cauſe Three Lifts, with an Alphabet thereto, to be prepared, according to the Form in Page ( 168, 169. ) containing the Names of the Officers and Seamen belonging to the Ship, within the Time of Short- Allowance ; and, after comparing the fame with the Mufter and Sick Books, and being fatisfied that they agree together, he is to fend them, figned by himſelf, the Purfer, Mafter, and Boatſwain, to the Commiffioners of the Victualling, or to their Officer appointed to pay the fame.
 II. Months But, if the Ship is in Foreign Parts, where there is To be paid no Agent Victualler, the Captain ſhall cauſe the ſaid every Three Lifts to be made out every Three Months, and duly Abroad. examined and figned ; and, after cafting the Sums due to thofe only who are then belonging to the Ship, into Money, he is to prefent the faid Lifts to the Commander in Chief, or Senior Captain, who fhall give his Warrant to the Purfer to take up fo much Money as ( 70 ) Commander in Chief to and comptroll the Payment. as the Total fhall amount to, upon the beft Exchange, and draw Bills upon the Commiffioners of the Victualling for the fame.
 III. The Commander in Chief, or Senior Captain, is atteft Bills, to atteft the Bill ſo drawn, and certify the Currency of the Exchange, and comptroll the Payment of the faid Money to the Ship's Company, and certify the Payment thereof at the Foot of the Lifts, and how much Money remains unpaid. Surplus of to the next
 IV. Before any fucceeding Payments, the Commander Moneyto go in Chief, or Senior Captain, is to certify himſelf what Surplus remained in the Purfer's Hands after the preceding Payment, and abate fo much in his Warrant to him to take up Money for the next Payment. Payment. Captain to di
 V. If the Ship is alone, the Captain is to do what is as the Com- directed in the foregoing Articles to the Commander Chief, if in Chief, or Senior Captain. mander in alone. Purfertofend the Lifts Home.
 VI. The Purſer is , by the firſt Opportunity after a Payment, to tranſmit Home to the Commiffioners of the Victualling, one of the Lifts, and another by the next fate Conveyance,
 VII. All ( 71 )
 VII. All Money paid to Seamen, in Foreign Coin, Short Allowance, fhall be paid them according Sterling Value, and they ſhall have the Benefit of Exchange.
 VIII. for The Ship's Company to to have the Bethe nefit of the Exchange. Short-Allow- It is ftrictly forbid to all Officers, or others, to con- The buying cern themſelves directly or indirectly in buying the ance Money Seamen's Short- Allowance Money ; and the Officer, forbid. who has the Payment of the fame, is charged to pay the Parties themſelves, without any Regard to Notes, or any other Obligation whatſoever. ΤΗ Of Slop-Cloaths. Article
 I. provided in due Time, andfuch as do not agree with the HE Captain or Commander, upon the Ship's Slops to be being fitted out for the Sea, whether on а Voyage, or Channel Service, at any Time on the Ship's being in Want of Slops, is moft ftrictly enjoined to make timely Application before the Ship pro- Sample to be ceeds to Sea, to the Slopfeller, or to the Agent at the Port where the is, for fuch a Quantity of each Species of Slops, as he concludes may be needful for the Uſe rejected. of ( 72 ) of the Ship's Complement, thereby to prevent, as much as poffible the purchafing Slops Abroad, or the Seamen fuffering for want of them: And when any Slop Cloaths, or Bedding, are fent on Board fuch Ship, one Parcel fhall be of fuch as have been viewed, and marked with the Navy- Office Seal ; by which Pattern the Captain, with the Affiftance of the Mafter, Boatswain, and Purfer, is to compare the reſt, ſo foon as they come on Board, and to return back whatever Goods do not agree in Kind or Goodneſs with If not exami- the Sample. But if the Ship fails before the Examiprove inferior nation can be taken, he is not to iffue any inferior in Goodness, Goods to the Men, but to return them to the Coned, or Abate tractor, or his Agent, when he comes into Port, unleſs there ſhall be an extraordinary Want of them; in which Cafe the faid Officers, are to rate them according to their beſt Skill and Judgment, as well in Right to the Slopfeller as to the Men, and to make Abatements in the Price, proportionable to what they are inferior to the Patterns. ned, and any to be returnment made in the Price. Seamen may far as a
 II. If any Seamen fhall be brought on Board to ferve His haveSlaps as Majefty in Time of Preſs, and he ſhall be deſtitute of Month'sWa- Neceflaries, the Captain may order him immediately to ges, in Time be ſupplied with Cloaths or Bedding not exceeding one Month's Pay in Value. of
 III. None ( 73 )
 III. TwoMonths, None are to receive a fecond Supply, until they May have ſhall have ſerved full Two Months, and then not to lapsonce in above the Value of Ten Shillings, whether it be in as far as Ten Shillings Slops or Bedding, and ſo in Proportion every Two Value. Months Ten Shillings more, if they fhall want Neceſfaries, to the End of the Voyage.
 IV. publickly. All Slop Cloaths, Dead Mens Cloaths, and Bedding, Stops to be are to be iffued out to the Men publickly upon Deck, iffued out in the Preſence of the Officers and Company. And as on the one Hand, the Captain is not to fuffer any one to be fupplied with them, who is not really in Want, fo he is to oblige thofe who are ragged, or in Want of Apparel or Bedding, to receive fuch Neceffaries as they want, not exceeding the aforegoing Regulation.
 V. Book. The Captain is to take care to note upon his Mufter Captains to and Pay Books the Value of the Cloaths or Bedding keep a Slop every Man fhall have been fupplied with; and likewife to keep a feparate Slop Book, according to the Form in Page ( 170, 171 , 172, ) and before the Payment of the Ship, or on his Removal, he is to fend the faid Book to the Comptroller of the Navy, figned under his own Hand, and alfo by the Mafter, Boatfwain and Purfer, or any Two of them. K
 VI. Upon ( 74 ) Value ofSlops Seamens
 VI. Upon the Diſcharge of any Man by Ticket, the to benoted on Captain is to take care, that there be noted on the Ticket, in Words, the Value of the Cloaths he has been fupplied with. Tickets.
 VII. Captain to In cafe the Neceffities of the Men fhall require the procure Slops Buying of Cloaths in Foreign Parts, the Captain is to in Foreign Parts, if ne- fee that they be as near the Kinds uſed in the Navy as ceffary. Contractors to allow Twelve Pence in the for keepingthe Slops. Perfon who poffible, and that moderate Rates be fet upon them. He is to fend by the firſt Opportunity, an Invoice of the faid Goods, with the Prices, to the Navy- Board, and to charge them diftinctly in his Books, as he does the other Slops, under the Head of the Perſon ſupplying them.
 VIII. Contractors for Slops are to allow to the Purſer Twelve Pence in the Pound, for his Pains in keeping and iffuing out their Cloaths, and managing their Accounts. But if any Difference arifes between them, the Contractors are at Liberty to intruſt their Goods to the Charge of the Maſter, or any other Officer of the Ship.
 IX. The Purfer, or other Officer intrufted, fhall enter keeps the Slops into Bond to the Contractors for the faithful Discharge of his Truſt, and at the End of the Voyage, and beto be accountable tothe Contractors. fore ( 75 ) fore the Payment of the Ship, to render them a juſt Account of the Goods committed to his Charge ; and he is not to receive the Payment of his Wages, without Certificates from them, of their having no Claims upon him.
 X. to be de- Bedding being furniſhed by His Majefty, the Cap- NomoreBeds tain muft demand no more Beds than he forefees will mandedthan probably be iſſued, and take care that thoſe, which are neceſſary. are fent on Board, be anfwerable in Goodneſs and Dimenſions to the Contract. If any remain unfold at the End of the Voyage, the Purfer is to deliver them into the Charge of the Store-keeper of the Yard where the Ship is laid up.
 XI. When any one dies abroad, his Cloaths and other Effects in the Ship may be fold by Auction, and the Produce thereof charged against the Names of the Buyers on the Mufter and Pay Books, and a diſtinct Account kept of the fame in the Slop- Books, expreffing the Perfon's Names that died ; the Particulars of the Effects; the Rates they were fold at ; and the Buyers Names, with their Numbers on the Books ; to the End that the Paymaſter may deduct and detain the Money, for the Ufe of the Executors or Adminiſtrators of the Deceaſed. The Purfer is to be allowed Twelve Pence in the Pound for his Pains, who is to give the Executors or Adminiſtrators of the Deceaſed a PartiK 2 cular Dead Mens be Cioaths fold. may ( 76 ) Seamen to be reftrained in Claaths. cular Account of the Cloaths fold, and to whom, &c. in order to its being examined and certified from the Pay-Books, for Payment. J 1
 XII. No Seamen ſhall be permitted to bid for Dead Offipurchafing cers Cloaths that are above their Wear, or be fuffered DeadOfficers to bid for any Effects beyond their real Value, according to the Judgment of the Maſter and Purfer, who ſhall be prefent ; nor to Purchaſe more than the Wages due to them can anſwer, agreeable to the Allowance of Slop Cloaths. On Death,
 c. of a to befur- veyed, and delivered to
 XIII. Upon the Death or Removal of a Purfer, a Survey Purfer, Shops is to be taken, by the fame Officers who furvey the Provifions and Stores, of the Slops, Dead Mens Cloaths, and Bedding, that remained in his Hands, the Succeffor, which are to be delivered over to the fucceeding Purfer by Inventory, in which are to be diftinguiſhed ſuch 曩 as are damaged and unferviceable, and a Copy entered in the Slop - Book, figned by the Officers employed in the Survey. ii I sul rod burst oda en of ( 77 ) Of Pilotage, Article
 I. to employ gothe Thames WHEN any of His Majefty's Ships are bound What Pilots out of the River of Thames, or from the Nore, ingout or the Captain is to apply timely to the Navy-Board for cominginto a Pilot, and not to employ any other Perfon, but who or Medway. ſhall be ſent to him from the Trinity- Houfe of Deptford-Strand. But when the Ship is to depart from the Downes to the River of Thames or Medway, the Captain is to employ a Pilot belonging to the Society of Pilots at Dover.
 II. The Captain is never to take a Pilot on Board, but Captain not when the fame is abfolutely neceffary, nor to bear him to take Pi- lots unneceflonger than is requifite for the ſafety of the Ship ; and ſarily. when the Service is over, he is to diſcharge him, and give him a Certificate of the Time he was employed.
 III. But when lots to be the Service the Ship is employed on is of Conant Pithat Nature as to require the conftant Attendance of borne within a Pilot on Board, the Captain is then to bear him the Complewithin the allowed Complement, and to rate him Pilot upon the Books.
 IV. When ment. ( 78 ) Mafteror Mate ofthe as Pilot, if
 IV. When the Ship comes into Pilot Water, where PiShipmay act lots are neceffary, and have been uſually allowed, and nonetobegot.no Pilots can poffibly be got, the Maſter or Mate of the Ship may, with the confent of the Captain, undertake the Pilotage of the Ship and fhall be allowed, for his Encouragement, half the Allowance that is Commander to give Inftructions to bis Convoy. TofendaLift of his Convey made to a Pilot. WH Of Convoys. Article
 I. HEN any Commander is appointed to convoy the Trade of His Majefty's Subjects to any Place, he muſt apply to the Secretary of the Admiralty for a fufficient Number of Printed Books of Inftructions ; and, after fitting down therein the private Signals to be made upon meeting after Separation, and fuch other additional Rules as he fhall think proper, he is (before he fails) to deliver them out gratis, dated and figned by himſelf, to the Mafters of all the Merchant Ships, or other Veffels, that are to go along with him.
 II. He is to inform himſelf exactly, and fet down in a to the Admi Lift, according to the Form in Page ( 173) the Names of all the Merchant Ships, or other Veffels, that are to ralty. proceed ( 79 ) proceed under his Convoy; and to fend a Copy of the ſaid Lifts to the Secretary of the Admiralty, before he fails.
 III. He is ſtrictly forbid to receive any Gratification, from any Maſters of Convoy, on any Pretence whatſoever, one elſe in the Ship to do the fame.
 IV. Money, or other To receive no Gratification Ships under his or to fuffer any All Commanders, who have Merchant Ships under To keepin their Care, are ſtrictly forbidden to chafe out of Sight ofprotect the Sight of, and their Convoys, but they are to be watchful in defend- Convoy. ing them from any Attack or Surprize ; and if any of them fhall be diftreffed by Weather or other Accident, to afford them all neceffary Affiſtance.
 V. ters of Ships If any Maſter of a Ship ſhall behave himſelf fo neg- To inform ligently as to delay the Convoy on his Account, or again Maf fhall abandon the fame, or be any Ways difobedient to misbehaving the Inftructions eſtabliſhed for the good Government themſelves. thereof, the Commander is to note his Name, as alfo the Ship, and the Owner, and tranfmit the fame, with a Narration of the Fact, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, by the firſt Opportunity.
 VI. The Captain Commanding a Convoy fhall carry a To wear a Top Light in the Night, the better to prevent Separation
 . Top Light. VII, The
 . ( 80 ) May order his Signals to
 VII. The Commander in Chief of a Convoy may direct be repeated his Signals to be repeated by as many of the Ships of War under his Command, as he ſhall think fit, when he has fuch a Number of Merchant Ships under his Care, as may make the fame convenient. Rulesfor different Con together.
 VIII. When different Convoys fail at the fame Time out ways to keep of Port, or join at Sea, they are to keep Company fo long as their Courſes lie together, for the general Good. And on thofe Occafions, the eldeſt Commander of a Convoy ſhall command in the firft Poft ; the next eldeft Commander of a Convoy, in the Second Poſt ; and ſo on ; to the Number of Convoys that may happen to fail together. Nor is any private Captain in Company, though elder than fome of the Commanders of a Convoy, to break in upon this Diſpoſition, or think themſelves injured thereby, it not being intended to his Prejudice, but to preferve Order and good Government amongſt the ſeveral Convoys, while they are together. Commanders Convoys to wear Lights
 IX. He who Commands in the firſt Poft, fhall wear the of different Lights of that Poft, and make Signals in Sailing. The Captains Commanding in the fecond and third Pofts, fhall wear the Lights of thoſe Poſts ; and all repeat the Signals in Order, as is done by the Flag Officers
 . and repeat Signals, as Flag- Off cers.
 X. When ( 81 )
 X. faillike Dimade at SeWhen different Convoys fail in Company, each Consto Commander is to lead his Convoy, and they are all to vifions. Sigkeep together like Divifions of a Fleet. And when nals to be they come to ſeparate, the Commander who leaves paration. Company, is to put Abroad his Colours, and fire Four Guns all of a Side, at the Diſtance of Time uſed in a Fog, as a Signal of Separation
 .
 XI. Friends or The Commanders of His Majefty's Convoys, are re- Commanders quired to receive under their Care all fuch Ships of lakeCare of His Majefty's Allies or Friends, whofe Mafters fhall the Ships of defire it , and be ready to fail with them, and give Allies. them equal Protection with thofe of His Majefty's Subjects, from the Ships of any Nation in War with His Majefty. Of Salutes. Article
 I. to WHEN a Flag- Officer falutes the Admiral and Salutes Admiraltoofthe Commander in Chief of the Fleet, he is to the Fleet. give him Fifteen Guns ; but when Captains falute him, they are to give him Seventeen Guns. L
 II. The ( 82 ) Return bythe Admiral of the Fleet. Salutes of Flag Officers
 II. The Admiral or Commander in Chief of the Fleet is to return Two Guns lefs to Flag Officers, and Four lefs to Captains.
 III. Flag Officers, faluting their Superior or Senior Officer, to each other. are to give him Thirteen Guns. Return by
 IV. Flag Officers are to return an equal Number of FlagOfficers.Guns to Flag Officers, bearing their Flags on the fame Maſt, and Two Guns lefs to the Reft, as alſo to Captains. Salutes to Flag- Officers
 V. When a Captain falutes an Admiral of the White or from Cap Blue, he is to give him Fifteen Guns ; but to Vice and Rear Admirals, Thirteen Guns. tains. Flag Officers
 VI. When a Flag Officer is faluted by Two or more not Salutes toreturn 'till of His Majeſty's Ships, he is not to return the Salute all have finished.
 . ' till all have finished, and then to do it with fuch a reaſonable Number of Guns as he ſhall think proper.
 VII. In ( 83 )
 VII. In Cafe of the Meeting of Two Squadrons, the Chiefs only are to exchange Salutes
 . And if Ships meet a Squadron confifting of more than Flag, only the Principal Flag is to be faluted.
 VIII. Chief of a Two Only the fingle Squadron to one be faluted. No Repetition of Salutes in No Salutes fhall be repeated by the fame Ships, unleſs there has been a Separation of Six Months at less than Six the leaft.
 IX. Months. None of His Majefty's Ships of War, commanded Captains not only by Captains, fhall give or receive Salutes from tofaluteone one another, in whatſoever Part of the World they meet.
 X. another. to be faluted A Flag Officer commanding in Chief fhall be faluted Flag Officer upon his firſt hoifting of his Flags by all the Ships prefent, upon firſ with fuch a Number of Guns as is allowed by the First, hifinghis Third, or Fifth Articles.
 XI. Flag. Arike their British Seas When any of His Majefty's Ships fhall meet with Foreigners ta any Ship or Ships belonging to any Foreign Prince or Flag in the State, within His Majeſty's Seas, (which extend to Cape Finisterre) it is expected that the faid Foreign Ships do ftrike their Topfail, and take in their Flag, in L 2 Acknow- ( 84 ) and the jects. Acknowledgement of His Majefty's Sovereignty in thoſe Seas ; and if any fhall refufee or offer to reſiſt , it is enjoined to all Flag Officers and Commanders to uſe their utmoft Endeavours to compel them thereto; and not ſuffer any Dishonour to be done to His King'sSub- Majefty. And if any of His Majefty's Subjects ſhall fo much forget their Duty, as to omit ftriking their Topfail in paffing by His Majefty's Ships, the Name of the Ship and Maſter, and from whence, and whither bound, together with Affidavits of the Fact, are to be ſent up to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order to their being proceeded againft in the Admiralty Court. And it is to be obferved , That in His Majeſty's Seas, His Majefty's Ships are in no wife to ftrike to any; and that in other Parts, no Ship of His Majefty's is to ftrike her Flag or Topfail to any Foreigner, unleſs fuch Foreign Ship fhall have firſt ftruck, or at the fame Time ftrike her Flag or Top-fail to His Majefty's Ship. Commanders to protect the Trade.
 XII. & The Flag Officers and Commanders of His MaKing'sSub- jeſty's Ships are to be careful to maintain His Majeſty's jects in their Honour upon all Occafions, giving Protection to His Subjects, and endeavouring, what in them lies, to ſecure and encourage them in their lawful Commerce ; and they are not to injure, in any Manner, the Subjects of His Majefty's Friends and Allies.
 XIII. If ( 85 )
 XIII. turn Salutes If a Foreign Admiral meets with any of His Ma- How to rejefty's Ships, and falutes them, he fhall receive Gun to Foreign for Gun. If he be a Vice - Admiral, the Admiral fhall Ships. anfwer with Two Guns lefs. If a Rear- Admiral, the Admiral and Vice- Admiral fhall return Two lefs. But if the Ship be commanded by a Captain only, the Flag- Officers fhall give Two Guns lefs , and Captains an equal Number.
 XIV. Places may When any of His Majefty's Ships come to an Anchor Foreign in a Foreign Port or Road, within Cannon- fhot offaluted by its Forts, the Captain may falute the Place with fuch Captains, a Number of Guns as have been cuftomary, upon good Affurance of having the like Number returned, but not otherwife.
 XV. " be to demand the as But if the Ship bears a Flag, the Flag Officers fhall Flag Officer first carefully inform himſelf how Flags of like Rank, fame Refpect belonging to other Crowned Heads, have given returned Salutes ; and to infift upon the fame of Reſpect.
 XVI. or othercrowned Terms Heads. mayfalutethe It is allowed to the Commanders of His Majesty's Commanders Ships in Foreign Parts, to falute the Perfons of any pers Admirals, Commanders in Chief, or Captains of Ships Foreigners of War of Foreign Nations, and Foreign Noblemen or ShipsAbroad. * Strangers vifiting their ( 86 ) of the ComStrangers of Quality, as alſo the Factories of the King's Subjects, coming on Board to viſit the Ship ; and the Number of Guns is left to the Diſcretion of the Commander, as ſhall be fuitable to the Occafion, and the Quality of the Perfon vifiting ; but he is nevertheleſs to remain accountable for any Exceffes in the Abuſe of this Liberty.
 XVII. Captains muft If the Ship vifited be in Company with other Ships haveLeave of War, the Captain is not to make Ufe of the Civilimanding Of ties allowed in the preceding Article, but with Leave ficer todo it. and Confent of the Commander in Chief, or the Senior HowReturns to Salutes Captain.
 XVIII. Merchant Ships, whether Foreigners, or belonging aretobe made to His Majefty's Subjects, faluting the Admiral of the from Mer Fleet, fhall be anſwered by Six Guns lefs ; when they chantShips falute any other Flag Ships, they fhall be anſwered by Four Guns leſs ; and if they falute Men of War commanded by Captains, they ſhall be anſwered by Two Guns lefs. No Returns to be made finished.
 XIX. If feveral Merchant Ships falute in Company, no Retillallhave turn is to be made 'till all have finiſhed, and then by fuch a Number of Guns as fhall be thought proper ; but though the Merchant Ships fhould anfwer, there fhall be no fecond Return.
 XX. When ( 87 )
 XX. of Quality luted. When any Perſons of Quality, or of a Publick How Perfons Character, embark on Board any of His Majeſty's Ships, may befathey may be faluted at their coming on Board, and alſo at their Departure, with the following Number of Guns, - viz. A Duke, or an Ambaſſador, with - - dor 15 Guns. Other Publick Minifters, or Perfons of Quality, with
 XXI. or lefs, according to the Degree of their Quality.. Familytobe ར་ Nothing in the foregoing Article is to be underſtood The Royal to restrain Commanders in their Refpect to any of the faluted at the Royal Family, who are always to be faluted by Guns, at the Comman the Diſcretion of the Commander in Chief.
 XXII. der. tivals to be of The Anniverſary Days of the Birth, Acceffion, and Certain FefCoronation of the King, of the Birth of the Queen, obferved. of the Reſtoration of King Charles the Second, and of Gun-powder Treafon, fhall be folemnized by His Majefty's Ships, if they are in Port, with ſuch a Number of Guns as the Chief Officer fhall think proper, not exceeding Twenty- one each Ship.
 XXIII. All " ( 88 ) >Upper Deck Gunsfor Sa- lutes. No Salutes to pass between HisMajesty's Ships and Forts. Ceremony at the Funeral of a Flag Officer. Ceremony at
 XXIII. All Salutes are to be made with the Guns of the Upper Deck.
 XXIV. None of His Majefty's Ships of War ſhall falute any of His Majefty's Forts or Caftles in Great-Britain or Ireland, on any Pretence whatſoever.
 XXV. When a Flag Officer or Commander in Chief dies at Sea, or in a Road, at the putting of the Corpſe into the Sea, or carrying it from the Ship to be interred afhore, the Commanding Officers fhall caufe fuch a Number of Guns to be fired , Funeral- wiſe, from the Ships in Company, as he fhall think proper, and the Flag fhall be ftruck half Maft.
 XXVI. If a Captain of any of His Majeſty's Ships dies at the Funeral Sea, or in a Road, in Company of a Fleet or Squa- ofa Captain. dron, the Commander in Chief fhall, upon the Diſpoſal of his Corpfe as before, appoint fuch a Number of Guns as he fhall think fit , not exceeding Twenty, to be fired , Funeral-wife, from the Ship he commanded, and the Pendant of the Ship to be lowered down. But if the Ship be alone, the next furviving Officer is to cauſe the fame to be done.
 XXVII. A ( 89 )
 XXVII. the Funeral of A Lieutenant dying at Sea, or in a Road, in a Fleet Ceremony at or Squadron, there fhall be fired on the fame Occa- aLieutenant. fion, from the Ship he belonged to, Three Vollies of Small Arms, by Direction of the Commander in Chief. But if the Ship be fingle, the Captain is to caufe the fame to be done.
 XXVIII. No Merchant-Ship is to fire Guns in any Road or MerchantPort after the Watch is fet, if any of His Ships be there. to Majefty's fire Guns aftertheWatch isfet. Of Prizes. W Article
 I. HEN any Ship or Veſſel be brokenopen is taken from the Enemy, Prizes not to the Hatches are to be immediately ſpiked up, and tillcondemned her Lading and Furniture fecured from Embezzle- in the Admi ment, ' till Sentence is paffed upon her in fome Court of Admiralty, impowered to take Cognizance of Cauſes of that Nature. M
 II. The ralty Court. ( 90 ) Some of the Crew ofthe
 II. The Captain is to cauſe the Officers of the Prize to Prize tobe be examined, and Three or more of the Company, the examined Fudgebyof who can give beft Evidence, to be brought to the faid Court of Admiralty, together with the CharterParties, Bills of Lading, and other Ship Papers found on Board. the Admirally. Prifoners, who are His Served,
 III. If any of His Majefty's Subjects are found amongſt Majefty's the Prifoners, he is to order Three or Four of his own Subjects, to trictly ob. Ship's Company to take particular Notice of them, and to fet down in Writing their Names, and Circumftances of their being taken, in order to help their Memory, in caſe they fhall be produced as Evidence againſt them. And examined before a Magifirate.
 IV. He is to carry the ſaid Priſoners, being His Majeſty's Mr Subjects, before fome Magiftrate, to be examined, together with his own Witneffes, and to fend the Copies of the Declaration they make to the Secretary of the Admiralty. Privateers
 V. When a Privateer is taken, great Care is to be had Commiffionsto to fecure all the Ship's Papers, efpecially the Commifif none,tobe fion ; but if there be no legal Commiffion found on be preferved; committed as Pirates Board, ( 91 ) Board, then all the Priſoners are to be carried before fome Magiftrate, in order to their being examined, and committed as Pirates. PART
 III. M 2 To repair on Board, and abeyhis Commander's Orders. W PART
 III. The Lieutenant. ARTICLE
 I. HEN a Lieutenant receives a Commiffion to ſerve in any of His Majeſty's Ships, he is to repair on Board, and diligently execute all fuch Orders as he fhall receive from his Commander for his Majefty's Service, and never abſent from the Ship, on any Pretence, without his Leave. to be
 II. He ( 93 )
 II. He is to keep a Lift of the Officers and Men in his To mufterthe Watch, and frequently to mufter them, and repreſent Watch. to the Captain the Names of fuch as fhall be from their Duty.
 III. hisWatch. Order kept m In the Night he is to viſit the Ship between Decks, Tofeegood when he ſhall judge proper, and at other Times fend down a careful Officer to fee that there be no Diſorder among the Men, nor any Fire or Candle burning any where, nor Tobacco fmoaked between Decks.
 IV. the He is never to change the Courſe of the Ship at Sea Nottochange without the Captain's Directions, unleſs to prevent an theShipwithimmediate Danger.
 V. out Orders. the Watch to No Boats are to come on Board, or go off, with- Lieutenant of out the Lieutenant of the Watch being acquainted be acquainted with it.
 VI. when Boats come, or go off. IrregulariThe Lieutenant is to inform the Captain of the To inform the Miſbehaviour of any Perſon in the Ship, and of what Captain of ever elſe concerns the Service or Difcipline. always to be upon the Deck in his Watch, and pre- To be upon vent Noife and Confufion. He is ties.
 VII. In Deck in his Watch. ( 94 ) To fee the Men at their
 VII. In Time of Action he is to fee that the Men be at proper Quar- their proper Quarters or Stations, according to the Reters in Time gulation which the Captain hath made, whether it be at the Great Guns, Small Arms, Powder Room, Rigging, &c. and that they do all perform their Duty. of To keep a Journal, tc.
 VIII. It is expected that he do provide himſelf with the Sea Books, neceffary Inftruments, Maps, and Books of Navigation. And he is to keep a Journal, according to the Form fet down in Page ( 158, 159 , ) and at the End of the Voyage to deliver Copies thereof figned by himſelf, into the Admiralty and Navy Offices. The youngest Lieutenant to exercife the Seamen; Andfee the
 IX. The youngeſt Lieutenant, (befides his common Duty) is to have the particular Care of the Seamen in the Exercife of the Small Arms, and frequently to difcipline and inftruct them in the Ufe thereof; and, in Time of Action, his Station fhall be chiefly with them.
 X. He is to have a particular Regard to the PreſervaSmallArms tion of the Small Arms, that they be not loft or embezzled, and fee that they be kept clean, and in good. Condition for Service. kept ingood Order. The ( 95 ) The Mafter. Article
 I. To repair on Board, and obey his Com mander's OrWHEN a Mafter is warranted to ferve in any of His Majefty's Ships, he is to repair on Board, and obferve the Orders of his Captain or Commanding des Officer, for the Diſpatch of what is to be done towards the fitting her out, and to give his conftant Attendance for that Purpoſe, unleſs otherwiſe employed by him on the Service.
 II. Provifions He is to be prefent at the coming on Board of the To inspectthe Stores and Provifions, and to take care that the fame and Stores be hoiſted in ſpeedily and carefully, to prevent Damage; fint abroad. and if any of the faid Stores or Provifions are not good, to repreſent the fame to the Captain or Chief Officer on Board, in order to their being ſurveyed and returned.
 III. ofthe Balaf. He is to obſerve whether the Hoys which bring Balaft To take care on Board, be laden up to their Marks, and are clear of Water; and to ſee the Balaft all taken into the Ship, and that it be clean, fweet, and wholeſome, and no Fraud committed therein ; and no fign to the Quantity delivered. He is to take Care, in returning Balaft, that the Veffels do carry away their full Lading.
 IV. He ( 96 ) Tofowthe Hold care fully. Tofee the Rigging and Stores duly preferved. To navigate the Ship. To obferve
 IV. He is to be prefent, and give his Directions, in ftowing the Hold, and to fee the fame done ſkilfully, as well for making the moft Room, as with Regard to the Trim of the Ship, and alfo for preferving the Provifions from Damage, and the oldeſt Proviſions are to be flowed fo, as to be firft expended
 .
 V. He is frequently to infpect into the condition of the Rigging and Sails ; to be prefent at all Converfion of Stores ; and to fign to the Boatfwain's and Carpenter's Expence- Book, taking great Care not to fign to any undue Allowance thereupon. He is to take Care that the Compaffes, Glaffes, Log and Lead Lines, be preferved in good Order, that the Cables be well coiled upon the Orlop; and when convenient Opportunities offer, to wet them in Salt Water, if the fame fhall be neceffary.
 VI. He is to have the Care of Navigating the Ship, under the Directions of his fuperior Officer, and to fee that the Log and Log- Book be duly kept, and to keep a good Look-out.
 VII. He is to apply himſelf to obferve the Appearance Sheals,&c. of Coaſts, and how they fhew themſelves in different the Coafts, Points ( 97 ) T Points of View; and if he diſcovers any new Shoals or Rocks under Water, to note them down in his Journals, with their Bearings and Depth of Water.
 VIII. Hawfe clear when the Ship is at When the Ship is at Anchor, he is to be watchful To keepthe that the Hawſe be kept clear ; that ſhe be not girt with her Cables, and that they do not chafe or rub, for Want of ſufficient Service ; and to be very careful to keep the Anchor clear when fingle.
 IX. Anchar. Journal, It is expected, that he do provide himſelf with the To keep a proper Inftruments, Maps, and Books of Navigation, e -Book and keep an exact and perfect Journal, taking Care & to note therein the coming in and going out of all Stores and Provifions ; and when the Ship is ordered to be laid up, he is to deliver a Copy of the ſame into the Navy-Office, together with his Log Book, figned by himſelf.
 X. any Accounts He is to be very careful not to fign any Accounts, Not tofign Books, Lifts, or Tickets, before he has thoroughly negligently. informed himſelf of the Truth of every Particular contained in the ſame. N The ( 98 ) ! To receive Stores into bis Charge. To be careful ofthe Stores. To relieve the Watch, and See the Men do their Duty. The Boatfwain ; and Mafter Sailmaker. Article
 I. THE Boatfwain is to receive into his Charge the Rigging, Cables, Cordage, Anchors, Sails, Boats, and other Stores committed to him by Indenture from the Surveyor of the Navy ; and to diſpoſe the ſame in the moſt provident Manner, whether it be for preſent Ufe, or to be laid up for future Service.
 II. He is every Morning to inſpect into the State of the Rigging ; he is not to cut up any Cordage or Canvas, or convert or lend any Part of the Stores under his Charge, but by Order in Writing, under the Hand of the Captain, for the publick Uſes of the Ship, and under the Inſpection of the Mafter ; and in every Reſpect to be very frugal in the Expence of Stores ; and he is likewife to take Care always to keep a ſufficient Quantity of ſmall Platts by him, for Security of the Cables, to prevent the extravagant Expence of new Hammacoes.
 III. He and his Mates are to be diligent in affifting to relieve the Watch, and fee that the Men attend upon Deck, and that the Working of the Ship be performed with as little Noiſe and Confufion as poffible. 1
 IV. At ( 99 )
 IV. Accounts at At the End of the Voyage, he is to prefent to the Topashis Surveyor of the Navy, an Account of the Expence that the End of has been made of Stores under his Charge, audited and the Voyage. vouched by the Captain and Mafter, with an Account of all Stores that he hath been fupplied with, either from the Yards, other Ships, or that have been bought by the Captain ; and of all Stores that he has lent ; and of all fuch as have been any ways embezzled, wafted, or miſapplied ; and of all loft or deftroyed, through Carelessness or any unavoidable Accident, with the particular Circumftances thereof, and of the Perfons Names concerned therein ; and of fuch as have been returned to any of the Yards, with proper Receipts for the fame, without which his Accounts will not be allowed ; and he is not to receive his Wages until the faid Accounts are paffed.
 V. fore the Pay If he has Caufe of Complaint against any of the To reprefent Officers of the Ship, with relation to the Difpofition Complaints against any of the Stores under his Charge, he is to repreſent the Officers, be fame to the Navy- Board before the Pay of the Ship, of the Ship. in order to their doing Right between them and His Majeſty before the faid Officers receive their Pay.
 VI. He is to be very careful not to fign any Accounts, Not tofign Book, Lifts or Tickets, before he has thoroughly negligently Papers informed himſelf of the Truth of every Particular contained in the fame. N 2 188184
 VII. The ( 100 ) Mafter Sailmaker to be
 VII. The Mafter Sail-Maker is to be appointed by Warwarranted by rant from the Navy-Board, without which none are to be rated in that Capacity on Board His Majeſty's Ships. the NavyBoard. To examine the Sails, and attend all
 VIII. He is, together with his Mate and Crew, to examine carefully all Sails that are brought on Board, Surveys and before they are bent, or put into the Store- Room, and alſo conſtantly to attend all Surveys and Converfions. of Sail. To keep the Sails in good Condition. Tofeethat they receive no damage Room.
 IX. He is to take all Opportunities to inſpect into the Condition of the Sails, and timely to repair and keep them fit for Service.
 X. He is to ſee that the Sails be perfectly dry when put into the Store- Room, or to apply foon for their in the Store- being taken up and aired again ; and frequently to examine and remove them in the Store- Room, and fee that they are there fecured from Drips, Damps, and Vermin, as much as poſſible. To attend the Return of Sails into Store.
 XI. When any Sails are to be returned into Store, he is to attend the Delivery of them, to prevent their receiving Damage in their Paſſage. The 1 ( 101 ) The Gunner ; Armourer; and Gunfmith. Article
 I. WHEN any of His Majefty's Ships are ordered ToStores receive into again fuch and object as are bad. to be fitted out for Sea, the Gunner is to his Charge, apply to the Storekeeper of His Majefty's Ordnance, and receive from him by Indenture the Ordnance, Ammunition, Small Arms, and other Stores allowed for the Voyage, and to ſee that the fame be timely brought on Board ; and if any Part thereof be not good, or not conformable to the Eſtabliſhment, he is to repreſent the fame to the Captain, in order to its being furveyed and returned.
 II.. Powder- He is to vifit the Powder- Rooms, and fee that they To visit the be well fecured, clean, and in right Order, before the Rs. Powder is brought into the Ship..
 III. are to take in Ships which fit out at Plymouth, Portsmouth, or Where Ships Sheerness, are to take in their Powder at fome of the theirPowderoutermoft Moorings ; if at Chatham, at Blackſtakes ; and if in the River of Thames, at Galleons, or LongReach.
 IV. the Powder. " In the Stowage of the Powder, the Gunner is to How toflow take Care, that the Powder in Copper-hooped Barrelsbe... ( 102 ) To prevent Powder. be lodged in the Ground Tier, and laft expended, and when the whole Quantity is laid in, he is to fee the Doors of the Powder Rooms faft locked, the Skuttles well fhut and covered, and to deliver the Keys to the Captain.
 V. He is to give timely notice to the Captain, upon Accidentsby all Occafions of bringing Powder on Board, and not to remove any out of the Ship, or from one Part of her to another, or fill Cartridges, or prepare Fuzees, Fireworks, &c. without the Captain's Direction, that he may give Orders for extinguiſhing the Fire and Candles, and pofting Centinels at all proper Places, to prevent Accidents ; and the Decks are immediately after to be thoroughly fwabbed, and cleaned of the looſe Powder that may have fallen. None to go into the Powder Rooms
 VI. He is never to go or fend any one into the PowderRooms, but by Leave from the Captain ; and to take without Or- Care that nobody enters with fuch Things about him, as may ſtrike Fire in falling. der. "Only three Parchment
 VII. It being found by Experience, that Parchment CartRounds of ridges filled will not laſt above three Weeks, eſpecially Cartridges in a hot Country, he is to keep but three Rounds thereof filled at a Time, Paper being found more durable, as well as leſs expenſive. filled at a Time.
 VIII. He ( 103 )
 VIII. Allowance of He may receive an additional Proportion of Match, Additional Parchment and Paper Cartridges, Oil, &c. if the Ship Stores not to is ordered to any Station in America, more than the be used, until the first is full eſtabliſhed Allowance, in order to prevent, as expended. much as poffible, the buying thoſe Species at extravagant Prices in the Country ; all which will be packed up in whole or half Powder Barrels. He is to ftow them in the Store Room, and they are not to be uſed until the Ship's firſt eſtabliſhed Proportions is all expended.
 IX. Stores to be When any of the Parchment Cartridges, or other Perishing periſhable Stores, fhall become unfit for Service, he condemned is to apply to the Captain to have them condemned by Survey. by a regular Survey; and if the Ship is near any Port in England, he is not to throw them over- board, but return them into the Stores.
 X. Pow- He is not, on any Pretence, to ftave or any ways Not tofave convert empty Powder- Barrels, but to preſerve them, der- Barrels. in order to ſhift ſuch as may be decayed.
 XI. He Shot allowed is to allow, by the Direction of his Captain, Powder and once a Week for the firft two Months, and once a forExercifes. Month afterwards, fix Charges of Powder to each Manin every exerciſe of the fmall Arms, and four Pounds of ( 104 ) Powder and of Muſquet- Shot for them all once a Fortnight ; and alfo five Charges of Powder and five of Shot once a Month, for the Exerciſe of the Upper Deck Guns.
 XII. As to the Proportion of Powder to be ſpent on the Shot allowed Occafion of Service or Scaling, he is to obſerve the Regulation fet down in a Table, ( Page 174. ) in Service or Scaling. Powder to be reduced in Time of by Degrees, Action. Rules for placing the Guns in their riages.
 XIII. After firing five or fix Rounds on warm Service, he is to reduce the Allowance of Powder proportionably, until the fame is leffened to one third of the Weight of the Shot. And he is not to wet a Gun with a Swab, when it grows warm with frequent Firing, this Practice having been the Occaſion of ſplitting ſeveral, by checking the Metal with cold Water.
 XIV. When the Guns are received on Board, either upon firſt ſetting out, or after refitting, he is to take partiproper Car- cular Care that they be all put into their proper Carriages to which they are numbered, and place N° 1 , the foremoft Gun on the Larboard Side, on each Deck, and the higheſt Number the aforemoft Gun on the Starboard Side ; by obferving which Rule, all the Guns will fit their Carriages, and ftand a proper Height from the Sill of the Ports. N. B. The Guns of every Ship have a Number engraved on them over the Trunnion, and have their properCarriages * ( 105 ) Carriages marked with the fame Number on the Bracket, under or near to the Trunnion. The Guns and Carriages for the Larboard Side of each Deck are numbered and marked on the Larboard Side, and thofe of the Starboard Side are numbered and marked on the Starboard Side.
 XV. the Guns oft- ner than He is to Scale the Guns no oftner than the Ship Not tofeale is refitted , unleſs upon extraordinary Occafions and with the Captain's Orders. And when they are loaded needful. for Service, he is to fee them well tampoined, and fidded at the Vents with Ocham.
 XVI. mage to Guns When there is an abfolute Neceffity for ftriking good Caution to Guns into the Hold, and the Captain has fignified prevent Da his Orders fo to do, he is to pay the Guns all over with in the Hald. a Coat of Warm Tar and Tallow mixt together, and place a good full Wad, dipped in the fame, a Foot within the Muzzle, and a Tampion well fixed therein ; alſo a Cork, as well as Ocham, put into the Vent, to prevent their receiving Damage.
 XVII. He is to take Care that all the Stores committed to To take Care his Charge be kept clean, and fecured from Embezzle- of the Stores ment or Damage. No Waſte of Stores, that are not periſhable, will be allowed on his Accounts, beyond reaſonable Wear, fuch Accidents accepted, as ſhall be vouched under the Hands of the Captain. O
 XVIII. He ( 106 ) How to keep his Book of Expences. Boxes of GrapeShot to
 XVIII. He is to keep his Book of Expences according to the Method preſcribed in Page ( 175.) and to be particularly careful, that the Quantity of Stores which ſhall be daily or monthly expended, be not expreffed in Figures, but in Words at Length.
 XIX. He is to take Care that the Boxes containing the be keptdry
 . Grape-Shot and Hand-Granades, be kept in a dry Place, to prevent their being damaged ; and for his Information, the Numbers and Sorts of Shots ufed in the Grapes, according to the different Natures of Guns, are fet down in a Table, Page ( 176. ) The Cannons to be marked. "Not to load theGunswith tures.
 XX. He is to take Notice, that there will be placed on all Cannons for Sea Service, Notches or Sights on the Bafe and Second Reinforced or Muzzle Rings for Horizontal and Vertical Directions, for the better guiding the Aim ; and the Notches are to be marked with White Lead.
 XXI. It appearing by Experience, that firing double round unfit Mix Shot, round and double-headed Shot, or round and Grape - Shot together, is dangerous, and more to the Detriment than Good of the Service, he is to take Care to prevent that Practice in Time of Action, and to fee that ( 107 ) that the Guns are not loaded with fuch Mixtures, unleſs it be by the Captain's Order, nor to fuffer any Iron Crows to be put into them, fince it is experienced that they can do little or no Execution by themſelves, and being put after a round Shot, do greatly endanger the Splitting of the Gun.
 XXII. Hand Granades. He is never to ftart the Hand Granades, but return Not tofart ſuch as fhall remain at the End of the Voyage, fixed in their Boxes, in the fame Manner that he received them.
 XXIII. cutting up When there is Occafion to cut up any Cordage Rules for into Breachings, Tackles, Muzzled Laſhings, Port Cordage. Ropes, or Portacle Falls, after receiving the Captain's Orders for it, he is to take Care to conform to the Lengths ſet down in the Table, Page ( 177, 178. ) and at the ſame Time that he diſcharges himſelf of the Cordage expended, to charge himſelf with the Breaching, Tackles, &c. into which it fhall be converted. The like Method is to be uſed in the Converfion of any other Stores. As to the Rope Spunges, they are to be made out of old Breachings of the fame Natures of Guns.
 XXIV. whenhe When the Ship is in Want of a Supply of Stores, he To flate his is to draw out an Account of the Expence which has a Expences been made, with the Occafion thereof, and an Inven- wants new Supplics. tory of what remains, and prefent the fame to the Captain, who is to audit the ſaid Account, and (if it' O 2 be ( 108 ) To make up bis Accounts be juft) to fend the fame, certified by himſelf, to the Board of Ordnance, in order to their directing a new Proportion of Supplies
 .
 XXV. He is to make an Abftract of his Accounts of ReHalf-yearly ceipts, Iffues, and Remains, Half-yearly, according to the Specimen in Page ( 179.) viz. at Midfummer and Christmas, and to deliver the fame figned to the Captain, who is to audit the faid Accounts, and to fend them up certified (as is above directed) to the Office of Ordnance.
 XXVI. Tokeep good He is to keep good Order in the Gun- Room, and Order in the Gun-Room. fuffer none to lie there, but fuch as have a Right thereto by their Places, or whom the Captain fhall direct
 . He is to caufe a careful Man of his Crew to watch there every Night with a Candle in a Lanthorn.
 XXVII. To befrugal of the Match. After an Engagement, the He is not to burn any Match in the Day- Time, except in a Flag-Ship, or one that commands in Chief; nor more than Two Lengths in the Night at once, which are always to be kept hanging over Tubs of Water; but he is to keep a ſufficient Quantity armed againſt any Surprize.
 XXVIII. After an Engagement, he muft apply to the CapRemains of tain, who is to order his Chief Officers, if the Ship is Powder to be alone, (but if in Company with other Men of War, furveyed, the ( 109 ) the Commander in Chief is to appoint the proper Officers) to furvey the Remains of Powder, as well laden, as in Barrels or Cartridges, and to affirm the faid Survey under their Hands, that the Expence, during the Fight, may be known.
 XXIX. Inventory of out of When any Detachment of Seamen ſhall be ſent To keep an from the Ship on Service, he is to draw out an Inven- and tory of the Arms and Utenfils they are to carry with Utensilsfent them, and get the fame figned by the Officer ap- Ship. pointed to command the faid Detachment, and witneffed by the Captain's Clerk, who is to be preſent at the furnishing thereof. And when the faid Detachment returns on Board, he, with the Captain's Clerk, is to examine and fee if any of the faid Arms or Utenſils are miffing, and to reprefent the fame to the Captain, who is to examine the Officer that commands, and if he cannot give a good Account how they came to be loft, the Expence is to be noted againſt his Name on the Ship's Books, and an Account thereof fent to the Ordnance- Office
 .
 XXX. laid up. When the Ship comes into Port to be refitted or Togetthe laid up, Ship cleared, he is to apply timely to the Officer of the when tobe Ordnance at the Port to have her cleared of her Pow- refitted or der, Guns, and other Ordnance Stores, that nothing may remain on Board when the Ship is taken into the Charge of the Officers of the Yard.
 XXXI. On ( 110 ) To take Care that theStores befafely re- turned. Topass his Accounts at the End of
 XXXI. On Return of the Stores out of the Ship, he is to fee that the Carriages and other Stores be not heedleſsly flung down by the Seamen into the Veffels appointed to receive them, but lowered carefully ; and when he ſhall find it otherwife done, to acquaint the Captain And he, together with the Armourer, is to attend the Storekeeper and other Officers belonging to the Ordnance, when his Stores, fo returned , are furveyed on Shore, and he ( the Gunner) to fign the Remains.
 XXXII. At the End of the Voyage, he is to deliver his Accounts into the Office of Ordnance, audited and the Voyage
 . vouched by the Captain ; and he is not to receive his Wages without a Certificate from that Board, that he hath faithfully diſcharged his Truſt. To reprefent against any
 XXXIII. If he has Cauſe of Complaint against any of the Complaints Officers of the Ship, with relation to the Difpofition Officersbe of the Stores under his Charge, he is to repreſent the forethePay fame both to the Navy and Ordnance Boards, before Ship. the Pay of the Ship, in order to their doing Right Gunners to " between them and His Majeſty before the faid Officers receive their Pay.
 XXXIV. No Perfon fhall be warranted as Gunner of any of pals amination an Ex-. His Majeſty's Ships, or, if made Abroad, have his Warrant ( III ) rant confirmed, before he has paffed an Examination through the feveral Parts of Gunnery, touching his Qualifications to ferve as a Gunner in His Majefty's Navy, before a Mathematical Mafter, and Three able Gunners of the Navy, chofen by the Commiffioner of the Navy reſiding at the Port, and produces a Certificate from them, that he is fitly qualified to ferve in that Station
 .
 XXXV. The Armourer and Gunſmith are to be appointed by and Gun- Armourer Warrant from the Board of Ordnance, without which Smith to be none are to be entertained in that Quality on Board His appointedby Majeſty's Ships.
 XXXVI. Ordnance Board. the Survey They are to be affifting to the Gunner in the Survey To affift in and Receipt of the Small Arms, which are to be packed and Receipt up in Chefts for the better Preſervation in their Carriage of Small to and from the Ship.
 XXXVII. Arms. Their the Gunner's Station is to be in the Gun - Room, where they 70 obferve are to obſerve the Gunner's Orders ; they are particularly Orders. to be diligent in keeping the Small Arms clean within as well as without, by frequent oiling them; but not to take them too often to Pieces, which deftroys the Locks, Screws, and other Parts.
 XXXVIII. receive the The Gunner is to receive from the Office of Ord- Gunner to nance the Tools mentioned in the Table, Page ( 180. ) Armourer's which Tools. ( 112 ) To attend the Parts. which are to be delivered out for the Ufe of the Ar² mourer. And the Gunner is to account for the faid Tools at the End of the Voyage, in the fame Manner that he does for the other Stores under his Charge.
 XXXIX. When the Ship is in Foreign Parts, and the Small SmallArms Arms want fuch cleaning or Repairs as cannot be perin Foreign formed abroad, the Captain is firft to cauſe the ſame to be carefully furveyed by fome of his Commiffion and Warrant Officers, and, upon their Report of the Defects, may order them afhore, to be repaired by the Workmen, of the Country ; but the Armourer or Gunfmith is to be prefent while thofe Repairs are performing, to fee the fame well executed, and the Abuſes they are liable to, in the Hands of the Country Workmen, prevented
 . Small Arms ed into Store good Order.
 XL. When the Small Arms are to be returned into Store, to be return- the Armourer and Gunſmith are to take Care that they clean, and in be all clean and in good Order ; and they are to take Notice, that their Wages will not be paid, but upon Certificate from the reſpective Officers of the Ordnance, at the Port where the Arms are returned, that they have well diſcharged their Duty. The ( 113 ) The Carpenter. Article
 I. Hull,Stores THEHE Carpenter is to take upon himſelf the Care To take Care of the Ship's and Preſervation of the Ship's Hull, Mafts, Yards, Bulkheads, and Cabins, &c. and to receive into his &c. Charge the Sea-Stores committed to him by Indenture from the Surveyor of the Navy.
 II. At Sea, he is to vifit daily all the Parts of the Ship, and fee if the Ports are well fecured, and Decks and Sides be well caulked, and whether any Thing gives Way; and if the Pumps are in good Order ; and from Time to Time to infpect into the Condition of the Mafts and Yards, and to make a Report of every Thing to the Captain.
 III. To vifit all Shipdaily. Parts of the Things ready In an Engagement he is frequently to pass up and To have down the Hold with his Crew, and to be watchful to repair againſt all Leaks from Shot under Water, having Shot- Damages in Boards and Plugs of Wood ready, and whatever elfe is neceffary to ſtop them, and likewife to fiſh, or otherwife fecure, the Mafts and Yards.
 IV. As often as the Ship comes into Port, he is to draw up in Writing an exact and particular Account of the Condition of her Hull, Mafts, and Yards, and P To give an the Ship's Account of Condition what whenshe Works comes into Port. ( 114 ) Topass his Accounts at the End of the Voyage
 . against any Works are wanting to be done to her, and to preſent the fame figned to the Captain, and alſo to the Maſter Shipwright of the Yard, when ſhe is to be refitted
 .
 V. He is not to lend any of the Stores under his Charge, without an Order in Writing from the Captain, nor to expend any without his Direction, and to be very frugal in the doing thereof ; and at the End of the Voyage, he is to deliver juft Accounts thereof to the Surveyor of the Navy, audited and vouched by the Captain and Mafter, with an Account of all Stores that he hath been fupplied with, either from the Yards, other Ships, or that have been bought by the Captain ; and of all Stores that he has lent ; and of all that are any way wafted, embezzled or mifapplied ; and of all loft or deſtroyed, either through Careleſsnefs or any unavoidable Accident, with the particular Circumftances thereof, and of the Perfons Names concerned therein ; and of fuch as have been returned to any of the Yards, with proper Receipts for the fame, without which they will not be allowed ; and he is not to receive his Wages until the faid Accounts are paſſed.
 VI. To reprefent If he has Caufe of Complaint against any of the Complaints Officers of the Ship, with relation to the Difpofition Officers be of the Stores under his Charge, he is to repreſent the fame to the Navy Board, before the Pay of the Ship, in order to their doing Right between them and His Majeſty before the faid Officers receive their Pay. for the The ( 115 ) The Purfer. Article
 I. Purfer. THE Purfer, being the Officer who is entruſted Dutyof the with the keeping and diftributing the Provifions out to the Ship's Company, is to obferve the following Inftructions. 11. Ship Warrant. When the Ship, whereof he is Purfer, is put into Tovictual the Commiffion, and ordered to be fitted out for the Sea, Three Days he is every Three Days, or as frequently as may be, to in Petty procure Warrants figned by the Chief Officer on Board and the Clerk of the Cheque, for the Number of Men muftered, during the Time that the Ship fhall continue in extra Petty Warrant; which Warrant he is to deliver to the Agent for Victualling, and to ſee that the Ship be duly ſupplied ; and he is to take Care that no Part of Not to spend the Sea Proviſions be expended, while the Ship is in SeaProvi extra Petty Warrant ; nor Petty Warrant Provifions in Warrant. Sea Victualling.
 III. fions in Petty none without He is not to enter any Man's Name on his Books, To vistual nor fupply him with Provifions, but by Note in Writing a Note in from the Clerk of the Cheque, or the Command- Writing. ing Officer on Board, which he muft produce as a Voucher to the proper Officer, for paffing his Accounts. P 2
 IV. He ( 116 ) To get the Provifions, in Time.
 IV. He is to inform himſelf, from the Captain, of the
 c.on Board Time the Ship is ordered to be victualled for, and to take Care that there be no Failure on his Part, in timely indenting for, and getting the full Quantity of Provi→ fions, Water, Cafk, Neceffaries, &c. on Board. To receive none but good Provifions. What Provifions the Ship that the ReV.. He is to take Care that all the Provifions be fweet and good, and that the Cafk be found, otherwiſe to object againſt their being received into the Ship without a Survey; he is particularly to note down in Writing the Marks of the Cafk, and of the other Provifions which come on Board, that if any ſhould prove defective afterwards, he may be able to teftify where and when the fame was received
 .
 VI. If the Ship cannot contain all her Proviſions, he is to cannot hold to bring a Certificate, under the Hands of the Commander be certified, and Mafter, to the Commiffioners of the Victualling mainder may or their Agent, fpecifying the Quantity of each Species befupplied on theirWay, received fhort ofthe Proportion ordered, and the Incapacity of the Ship to receive any more, to the End that the Remainder may be put on Board other Ships, or made good to him by Credit, Bills or Foreign Coin ; in which Cafe, Notice will be given by the Commiffioners of the Victualling to the Captain, who is to fee that the Bills or Money be brought on Board by the Purſer, and duly applied.
 VII. He ( 117 )
 VII. Certificates of He is to procure Certificates, under the Hands of the To produce Commander, Mafter, and Boatswain, of the Quantity the of Proviſions received into the Ship, which he must received on produce to the Commiſſioners of the Victualling, or to their Officer ; without which he will not be allowed to indent for the faid Provifions.
 VIII. Board. count his He ſhall not diſcount any Part of the Proviſions due Not to difon Credits upon his Indents, for Money; nor be furniſhed with freſh Proportions of neceffary Money, before he is intitled thereto.
 IX. ins Credit : nor befurnished with neceffary Money tillintitled thereto. the Ship with him. He is to provide the Ship fufficiently at all Times To provide with Coals, Wood, Turnery-Ware, Candles, Lanthorns, Neceffaries. and other Neceffaries, to enable him to do which, His Majefty allows Twelve- pence a Man a Month whilft the Ship is in extra Petty- Warrant, and Fourteen-pence in Allowances to Sea-Victualling, unleſs the Complement be Sixty Men, or under ; in which Cafe he fhall have Seventeen- pence a Man a Month during the Time of Sea- Victualling. There is likewife allowed him Four- pence a Ton for Drawage of Beer, and Two Shillings a Month Loading Charges ; and if the Ship bears more than Sixty Men, Ten Groats a Month Adz-Money ; all which will be immediately paid him, after figning his Indent.
 X. He ( 118 )
 X. Tofeethe He is to be very careful in looking into the good Provifions well towed, Order, Stowage, and Preſervation of the Provifions ; and the oldeft and to iffue out firft fuch Part thereof as he ſhall Jpentfirst. perceive to be moſt liable to Decay, or which have the Marks of old Provifions, before he ſpends upon the Bad Provifions tobe furveyed. What Officers to fions. new.
 XI. In Cafe any of the Proviſions prove defective and unfit for Uſe, he is to acquaint the Captain who ſhall immediately procure a Warrant from the Commander in Chief, or give one himſelf (in Cafe no other Ship be in Company) directed to Three (or more) Warrant Officers to furvey the fame, who, after due Inſpection made, are to draw out a Report of the Condition of the faid Provifions upon the Back of the Warrant, according to the Form in Page ( 181. )
 XII. No Officer of the Ship ſhall be employed in the Surthe Provi- vey, if any other Ships be in Company. And if the Ship be alone, in a Port where there are Naval Officers, then the Captain is to apply to have a Naval Officer joined in the Survey. Condemned
 XIII. If the Ship, at the Time of the Survey, is at or near be returned. any Victualling Port, he is not to fuffer any of the Provifions to condemned ( 119 ) condemned Provifions to be thrown over-board, except Cheeſe, but to return the fame to the Agent of the Victualling. The like he is to do if the Ship be at Sea, and an Agent with Victualling Veffels be in Company. But if there be no Agent, or he fhall refufe to In what Cafes to be flung receive the condemned Proviſions, ( the Reaſon whereof over-board. he is to certify under his Hand) and the Surveyors fhall give their Opinion, that the fame are not fit to be kept on Board ( the Reaſons whereof they are likewife to certify under their Hands) he is then, being directed thereto by a Warrant from the Commander in Chief, (or from his own Captain, if the Ship be alone,) to caufe the faid Provifions to be flung over- board, (Beer- Cafk being firft filled up ) taking the Certificate of the Surveyors, of the Quantity fo thrown away; which is to be written in Words at length, at the Foot of the faid Warrant ; and either himſelf, or his Steward, is to make Oath to the Truth of the fame, the firſt Opportunity they fhall have of doing it ; as alfo when, where, and from whom, the faid Provifions were received.
 XIV. condemned they were to In caſe any Proviſions ſhall be caft by Survey, after Provisions the Time for which they were put on Board to ferve, he fierthe Time is to expect no Allowance on fuch Surveys, without pro- laf, not to be ducing a very fatisfactory Certificate from the Captain alowed with and Officers of the Ship, why the faid Provifions were Rejon. not fooner expended.
 XV. Can utJufficient ( 120 ) Condemned Butter not to beflungoverboard. Leakage of Beer to be
 XV. Condemned Butter is never to be flung over-board, but to be returned into his Majefty's Stores, unleſs the Boatſfwain ſhall want any for the Ship's Ufe ; in which Cafe he may be fupplied with what is neceffary, and fhall be charged therewith.
 XVI. If any Caſk of Beer fhall have leaked out a QuanJurveyed. tity, he is to apply to the Captain for a Warrant, directed to the Maſter, and Two or more other Officers of the Ship, ( the Mate, in this Caſe, to be eſteemed an Officer) for their furveying the fame ; who are to report under their Hands, on the Back of the faid Warrant, the Quantity leaked out, in Words at length, according to the Form in Page ( 182. ) and to be very particular in giving the Reafons and Occafion of the Leakage. The Cooper is likewife to make Oath to the Truth of the faid Leakage, and that no Beer was drawn or pumped out of any of the faid Cafks, with his knowledge, before the Time of Survey. NoAllowance for Leakage $c.
 XVII. He is never to expect any Allowance for Leakage of of Wine, Oil, Wine, Oil, Brandy, Rum, or Arrack, but to fee that the Cafks be found and full at their coming on Board, and to be anfwerable for the Care of them afterwards, there being proper Conveniencies made in the ( 121 ) 1 the Hold for fecuring the faid Liquors from any Abuſes, which are not to be employed to any other Ufe whatfoever.
 XVIII. Surveys to be Office. He is to procure Duplicates of all Orders, Reports, Duplicates of Certificates, &c. relating to Surveys, attefted under fentto the the Hands of the Surveyors, and to tranfmit the fame Vulling by the firſt Opportunity, to the Commiffioners of the Victualling, referving the Originals in his own Hands for the paffing his Accounts.
 XIX. iffuedfor of the next If any Species of Proviſions fall ſhort, and the Want To replace thereof is ſupplied to the Men out of another Species , one Species he is to take Care, when the Ship receives a Supply, another, out to iffue out the like Quantity of the Species that was Supply wanting, and for the fame Number of Days, inſtead of the other Species that was before iſſued in Lieu thereof, that His Majefty may not be put to an extraordinary Charge on that Account.
 XX. to be If any Caſk of Beef, or Pork, fhall fall fhort of the Short ProviContents marked on the Head, he muſt apply to theminCa Captain for his Warrant to the Maſter, and to one or veyed. more of the Mates, who fhall furvey the fame, and report under their Hands according to the Form in Page ( 183.) and either himſelf, or his Steward, is to make Oath, at the Foot of the Survey, to the Truth e thereof; ( 122 ) Not to mifapply the Provifions or Stores. Howto purchafe Provithereof ; and that no Part of what is wanting has been embezzled, to the beſt of their Knowledge or Belief. And it is further expected, that, with that Account, there be produced an exact Account kept of the Number of Pieces of Beef and Pork in all the Caſk that fhall be expended after fuch a Diſcovery, and a true Balance thereof delivered to the Commiffioners of the Victualling.
 XXI. He is not to fell or make any undue Ufe of the Proviſions or Stores under his Charge. And the better to difcourage Purfers from felling His Majeſty's Provifions in dear Years, knowing they are not to pay more, when Debtors on the Balance of their Accounts than the fettled Prices ; it is hereby ordered, that in thoſe Years, where the Price of any Species fhall exceed the Sum uſually charged on Purfers in Debt, the Purſer fhall be obliged to pay the full Value His Majefly gave for the Provifions.
 XXII. He is not to purchaſe any Provifions in Places where fions Abroad, there is no Agent or Contractor, or when there is a Likelihood of coming in their Way ; but, in Caſe the Ship is in Want of Provifions in Foreign Parts, where there is no Agent or Contractor, he ſhall apply to the Captain, who is to cauſe the Remains to be furveyed by his Officers ; and, upon their certifying what is abfolutely neceffary to be fupplied, and the Reaſon of the Deficiency, fhall give his Warrant to the Purfer to procure ( 123 ) 4 procure the fame, which he is to do with the beſt Frugality, taking take that the ſaid Proviſions be good and wholefome. The Receipts of Payment for the Provifions are to be witneſſed by Two Commiffion or Warrant Officers, and to exprefs the Quantity and Prices of each Species ; and he is to procure a Certificate from the Governor or Conful, where there are any, or elfe from Two or Three of the moſt eminent Merchants upon the Place, that the ſaid Bargains were according to the Market Price
 .
 XXIII. Reem and Money not He is to take notice that there will not be allowed Storehouse on his Accounts any Charge for Storehouſe Room, or Commiffion Commiffion. And as to Sloops or Boats, they are never aliced; nor to be hired but upon an indifpenfible Neceffity, and by Shops or his Commander's Orders ; and he is to produce a Certi- upon Necefficate from the ſigning Officers, fpecifying the Occaſion fity. of their being hired , and that they were not employed longer than was abfolutely neceffary.
 XXIV. Boats, but up Money If it ſhall be neceſſary for the Purfer, to draw Bills of How to take Exchange upon the Commiffioners of the Victualling, broad. either for Monies taken up Abroad to purchaſe Proviſions, or for the Payment of Provifions fupplied by Merchants, the Money is to be taken up by Publication ; and the Captain is to atteft the Bills, that they are drawn upon Account of the neceffary Victualling of the Ship, and by his Order ; and the Purſer is Q2 to ( 124 ) ་ How to pafs his Accounts of Diburfe ments. to procure Certificates from the Governor, Conful, or Merchants as aforefaid, of the Currency of the Exchange at that Time, which he is to tranfmit Home with the Bills ; and at the fame Time, or as foon after as poffible, to fend to the Victualling Office a diftinct Account how the faid Money has been laid out, with a Certificate from the Commander, Mafter, and Boatſwain, that the Proviſions charged therein to have been bought, were received on Board.
 XXV. When he returns Home, he is to deliver into the Victualling-Office an Account Current of all his Difburſements in Foreign Parts for the Service of the Ship, fetting forth the Quantity and Price of every Species of Provifions bought, together with the particular Charge attending the ſame, reduced into English Money, with his Affidavit at the Foot of the Account, That the feveral Sums therein mentioned were actually paid as againſt each Article expreffed, without any Profit to himſelf, or to any Perfon on his Account, by Exchange or otherwife ; and that the Quantity of Provifions charged therein , was the full Quantity English Weight and Meaſure, and was all received on Board in Kind ; and that he has not procured Provifions of any Sort, (except what hath been faved of the Ship's Company out of their daily Allowance) at the fame Time and Place, on his own Account.
 XXVI. If ( 125 )
 XXVI.. for Water Abroad.. If the Ship fhall happen to be at any Place Abroad, To be allowed where Water cannot be had without Money, he is, purchased. upon a Warrant from the Captain to purchaſe what is neceffary, taking Receipts witneffed by Two Commiffion or Warrant Officers, and a Certificate from the Captain of the Quantity brought on Board..
 XXVII. Abroad.. If the Cafk fhall prove defective in Foreign Parts, To repair de-- where there is no Opportunity of returning them into fiveC Stores, and receiving better, the Purfer fhall employ his Cooper to repair and new trim the faid Cafk, without any Charge to his Majefty for Workmanſhip. He fhall keep a diftinct Account of the Waſte of Staves or Iron Hoops, in making the Remainder ferviceable ; and himſelf or the Cooper fhall make Oath to the Truth thereof ; upon producing which, with the Captain's Certificate of the Badnefs of the Cafk, the Neceffity of trimming the fame, and the Quantity fo trimmed, it will be allowed him on his Accounts..
 XXVIII. of the Cafk.. He is not to fuffer any Cafk to be expended, or cut To becareful for extra Service, without an Order from the Captain, in Writing, who is to give him likewife a Certi ficate, expreffing the Quantity expended, when, and for what Service. But he is to take Notice, that no Cafk ( 126 ) How to be allowed for Caſk uſed for Waſhing- Tubs, Steep- Tubs, or by the Cook, will be allowed as an extra Expence, they being to be included in the ordinary Allowance for Waſte ; and all Caſks made uſe of in the Tops, or on the Quarters, that are not cut, are not to be looked upon as expended, nor the Iron Hoops on the Cafks that are cut to ftand between the Guns. any
 XXIX. If Lofs happens in the Provifions or Stores, by Provisions or Action with the Enemy, or other unavoidable Accident, Storesloft. he is to procure a Certificate from the Captain of what was fo loft, with the Occafion of it ; and himſelf, or fome other who was preſent, is to make Oath, that it did not happen through any Neglect or Default, nor that any Part of what was ſo loſt could poffibly be faved. To keep an Exa& Mufer Book.
 XXX. He is to keep an exact Mufter Book of the Time of Entry, Difcharge, Defertion, Death, Attendance and Abfence of every Perfon belonging to the Ship, and to fet off againſt their Names, the Slop Cloaths, Dead Mens Cloaths, Beds and Tobacco, they have been fupplied with, that fo he may be able to vouch the Ticket made out by the Captain for any Man's Wages of the Ship. He is carefully to note down on the Front of the faid Book, the Times of Beginning and Ending Petty Warrant or Sea Victualling, as alfo fhort Allowance, and the Nature and Quality of the faid. Allowance, and what Money has been paid on that Account.
 XXXI. It ( 127 )
 XXXI. bacco tothe It is allowed to him, at fuch Times as the Captain MayfellToſhall appoint, and in fome publick Place upon Deck, to Seamen. iffue out to fuch Seamen as do fmoak, and fhall defire it, cut and dried fweet fcented Tobacco, not exceeding Two Pounds per Month to cach Man, at the Rate ſettled by the Navy- Board.
 XXXII. numeraries Orders. He is not to victual any Supernumeraries, but by War- Not to vicrant in Writing from the Captain ; and if the fame be tual Superdone in Purſuance of Orders the Captain has received, without he is to procure from him an attefted Copy of the faid Orders, as well as his own Warrant. He is to draw out on the Back of the faid Warrant, a Liſt of their Names, according to the Form in Page ( 184. ) and to procure the Captains Certificate, at the Foot of the faid Liſt, of the Truth thereof.
 XXXIII. When he victuals any other Ship's Men, by his Cap- How to victain's Order, he is to demand Repayment for the fame, tual other Ship's Men. from the Purfer of that Ship, (unless they are chequed there out of Victuals) and, in Caſe of Refuſal, to fend, by the firſt Opportunity, a perfect Lift of the ſaid Mens Names, and Time of Victualling, certified by the Captain, to the Victualling- Office.
 XXXIV. He ( 128 ) Not toSpare
 XXXIV. He is not to fpare any Provifions or Stores to any any Prof other Ship, but by his Captain's Warrant in Writing, without Or upon the Back of which he is to take the Purfer's or ons or Stores ders. TokeepaSick Book, and Steward's Receipt, mentioning the Quantity of cach Sort in Words at Length, with the Time when, and Place where ; and he is, by the firft Opportunity, to fend a Copy of the faid Receipt to the Commiffioners of the Victualling.
 XXXV. He is to keep a Book of all Men ſent fick out ofthe Shop Book Ship, mentioning in proper Columns their Number on the Ship's Book, Names, when and where fent, when returned or diſcharged , and Number of Days abſent, which is to be delivered into the Office of the Comptroller of the Navy, according to the Form in Page ( 185. ) He is likewiſe to keep a perfect Slop Book, Book of Dead Men's Cloaths, and a Tobacco Book, which he is to deliver into the reſpective Office before the Pay of the Ship, according to the Forms in Pages ( 170, 171.)
 XXXVI. Victualling Office to fend Veffels to to When any Ship returns from her Voyage into Port to be laid up, upon the Purfer's fending Notice to the bring away Victualling Office, there will be immediately ſent off from the ShipVeffels or Lighters to bring away the Remainder of whenheis the Ship's Provifions, together with the Cafk, IronHoops, and Bifcuit Bags ; and the Purfer is to fend, with the faid Provifions, his Steward, or fome careful Perſon, to ſee the fafe delivery of them to the Agent, or other Officer appointed to receive them. be laid up.
 XXXVII. For ( 129 )
 XXXVII. Staves each For preventing any Difputes touching the Number Number of of Staves of which each Sort of Cafk fhall be reputed C is to to confift, when returned, it is to be obferved, that conff of. each Butt returned, if fhaken, fhall confift of no lefs than Twenty-fix Staves ; every Puncheon of Twentytwo ; every Hogfhead of Twenty ; and every Barrel of Seventeen Staves, Heading included, whereof Two Pieces are to be reckoned a Stave ; always accounting each Stave about Forty-four Inches long, for a Butt Stave ; from Forty-four to Thirty- eight Inches, for a Puncheon Stave ; from Thirty eight to Thirty-two Inches, for a Hogfhead Stave ; and from Thirty-two to Twenty-eight Inches to be reckoned a Barrel Stave.
 XXXVIII. Store. No Receipts fhall be given for Provifions returned Proviſions to befurveyed into Store, until a regular Survey be taken thereof, nor before reany Allowance, for fuch as is defective, made to the turned into Purfer, until he has made Affidavit that the fame Provifions were received out of His Majefty's Stores, or from Perſons under Contract with the VictuallingOffice, (expreffing the Time when and Place where received) and that there was no Neglect on his Part in the timely iffuing thereof. The like Oath is to be made by him, that all the Cafk, Staves, Iron Hoops, and Biſcuit Bags, returned to the Office, were received out of His Majeſty's Stores, or from Contractors, as aforefaid. As to Provifions which are furniſhed under Warranty, fuch as Beer, Butter and Cheeſe, the R Purfer ( 130 ) Topass his Accounts within Six the Ship is paid off. Purfer ſhall receive no Allowance for them, if they are caft by Survey after the Time of Warranty; not for any Species of Proviſions returned into the Stores, that are not actually expreffed in their proper Denomination in the Indents or Receipts given when furniſhed.
 XXXIX. He is to deliver in his Books and Papers fo timely that his Victualling Account may be paffed within Six Months Months after after the Ship's being paid off at fartheft ; and when he delivers in the ſaid Account he is to produce his Affidavit , that the particular Quantities of every individual Species of Provifions therein mentioned, were actually delivered on Board the Ship in Kind, and that he did not receive any Money or other Confideration in Lieu of any Part thereof, nor was fupplied with any more Proviſions or Stores, on the Publick Account, than what is there charged. To reprefent any Complaints
 XL. If he has Cauſe of Complaint againſt any of the Officers of the Ship, with relation to the Difpofition again the of the Provifions or Stores under his Charge, he is to Officers, be fore the Pay reprefent the fame to the Navy- Board before the Pay of of the Ship the Ship, in order to their doing Right between them and His Majeſty before the faid Officers receive their Pay. Papers
 XLI. Not tofign He is to be very careful not to fign any Accounts, negligently
 . Books, Lifts, or Tickets before he has thoroughly informed himſelf of the Truth of every Particular contained in the fame. The ( 131 ) The Surgeon. Article
 I. and a the fame WHHEN with a Surgeon is wanted to ferve in any of To provide His Majefty's Ships, he is to provide himſelf Infruments with Inftruments and a Cheft of Medicines, according of Medicines, to the Rules of the Navy, and preſent the ſame to be and to have viewed by the Phyſicians in the Commiffion of Sick and viewed and Wounded, or, (if there be none) by the Phyſician of approved. Greenwich Hoſpital in Conjunction with the Governors of the Surgeons Company ; who are to take Care that all the Inſtruments, Drugs and Medicines, be of the Sorts, Goodneſs and Quantity required, and to give him a Certificate thereof. And when the Survey is over the Cheft is to be locked, and the Seals of the Phyſician and of the Surgeons Company is to be affixed thereto, in fuch Manner as to prevent its being afterwards opened, before it comes on Board ; nor is the Captain to admit any Cheſt into the Ship, without thoſe Marks upon it
 .
 II. approved in when reThe like Method is to be taken in furveying the The Cheft to Remains, and recruiting the Cheft in London'; but in be viewed and the Out- Ports, the Phyſician and Surgeon of the Sick like Manner and Wounded at the Port are to make the Survey ; or cruited. if there be none fuch, the Surgeon of the Yard is to do it fingly, and to obferve the fame Methods as in R 2 the 1 ( 132 ) To keep Sick Tickets. to the Sick Men. the preceding Article, taking Care to deftroy all fuch Medicines or Drugs as fhall be found in the Cheſt not fit for Ufe.
 III. He is to provide himſelf, before his going on Board, with a competent Number of printed Sick Tickets, which will be delivered to him at the Sick and Wounded Office ; and a fufficient Number of Smart Tickets from the Office of Clerk of the Acts
 .
 IV. To take Care He is to examine the Neceffaries fent on Board for of the faries , and the Ufe of the fick Men, and if they are not good in fue them out their Kind to acquaint the Captain, that he may reprefent the Matter to the Navy Board. He is to keep the faid Neceffaries in his Cuftody, and not embezzle or mifapply any Part thereof, but take Care that they be well huſbanded, and duly ſerved out for the Relief of the fick Men. To attend carefully the Men under Gure. To advise with the
 V. He is to vifit the Men under his Care (at leaft) twice a Day, and oftner, if their Circumſtances require it ; and, at other Times, to diftribute his Mates and Affiftants amongſt them, that none may want due Attendance and Relief.
 VI. In Cafes that are difficult, if there be a Phyſician in Phyfician. the Squadron, he is to refort to him for Advice, and follow his Preſcriptions.
 VII. He ( 133 )
 VII. He is to inform the Captain every Day of the Con- Toinform the Captain of dition of his Patients, eſpecially if any of the Diftem- the State of pers are infectious, that they may be fent out of the theSickMen. Ship, or (if that cannot be done) ſeparated from the Reft.
 VIII. Sick Men to their DiflemWhen any fick Men are ordered afhore to the Hofpi- To fend with tal, or on Board the Hoſpital Ship attending the Squa- the Hospitals dron, he is to fend along with them to the Surgeon, an Account of an Account (in Writing) of the Time and Manner of their being taken ill, and the Methods ufed towards Treatment. their Recovery.
 IX. pers and ofthewounded In an Engagement he is to keep himſelf in the Hold, To take Care where a Platform is to be prepared for the Reception of the Wounded Men ; and himſelf, and his Mates and Engagement. Affiftants, are to be ready, and have every Thing at Hand for ftopping their Blood, and dreffing their Wounds.
 X. Day-Book of He is to keep a Day- Book of his Practice, noting Tokeepa therein the Names of the Men that come under his his Practice. Care ; their Hurts or Diftempers ; the Day they were taken ill , and the Day of their Recovery, Removal, or Death ; together with his Preſcriptions and Methods of Treatment while under Cure.
 XI. He ( 134 ) To deliver Journals of }
 IX. He is from the faid Day Book, to compofe Two his Practice. Journals, the one of his Phyſical Practice in Diſeaſes the other of his Chirurgical Operations in Cafes of Wounds or Hurts; and at the End of the Voyage, to deliver the firſt to the Phyſicians in the Commiffion of Sick and Wounded, or (if there be no ſuch) to the Phyfician of Greenwich Hoſpital, and the latter to the Governors of the Surgeons Company, who are to examine the ſame, and certify their Judgment thereupon. Mafter at Arms to be warranted by the Admiralty. The Mafter at Arms; and the Corporal. NONE Article
 I. fhall be admitted to ferve as Mafter at Arms on Board His Majefty's Ships, but fuch as are appointed by Warrant from the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty ; and they are to be Men of Service, and well ſkilled in Martial Difcipline
 II. To exercife The Maſter at Arms is daily to exerciſe at Small the Mendaily at Small Arms, the Petty Officers and Ship's Company by Turns, as the Captain fhall appoint ; and he is to Arms. take ( 135 ) take Notice, that there is allowed, once a Week for the firft Two Months, and once a Month afterwards, Six Charges of Powder to each Man in the Exerciſe of the Small Arms, and Four Pounds of Muſket-Shot for them all once a Fortnight. HI. He is to place and relieve the Centinels ; to mount Toobſervethe Orders ofthe with the Guard; and carefully to fee that the Firelocks Lieutenant at and other Arms be conftantly preferved clean and in Arms. good Repair; and to obferve all fuch Directions as the Lieutenant at Arms fhall give him.
 IV. Fire and He is to ſee that the Fire and Candles are put out in To put outproper Seaſon, according to the Orders of the Captain ; and to acquaint him when the fame is done.
 V. He is to viſit all Veffels and Boats permitted to bring TovifitBoats Proviſions and neceffary Refrefhments to the Ship, and thatcome to, to prevent the Seamen going from the Ship without the Ship. Leave.
 VI. He is to acquaint the Officer of the Watch with all Miſdemeanors and Irregularities committed in the Ship, which ſhall come to his Knowledge.
 VII. The or gofrom, To inform the Officer of Commanding Mifdemean ors. 1L ( 136 ) Corporals Jubordinate to
 VII. The Corporals are to act in Subordination to the the Maflerat Mafter at Arms ; and to perform the fame Duty themfelves, where a Maſter at Arms is not allowed. Arms. Schoolmaster to be examined bythe No The Schoolmaster. Article
 I. Perfon fhall be warranted to ferve as Schoolmaſter, in any of His Majefty's Ships, who has TrinityHoufe not been firft examined before the Mafter, Wardens, and Affiſtants of the Trinity- Houſe of Deptford Strond, and produced a Certificate, under their Hands, of his being well ſkilled in the Theory and Practice of the Art of Navigation, and qualified to teach Youth therein ; and another, under the Hands of Perfons of known Credit, teſtifying the Sobriety of his Life and Converſation. To inftruct the. Voluntiers.
 II. He is to employ his Time on Board in inftructing the Voluntiers in Writing, Arithmetick, and the Study of Navigation, and in whatſoever may contribute to render - them Artifts in that Science.
 III. He is likewiſe to teach the other Youths of the Ship, Andthe other Youths of the according to fuch Orders as he fhall receive from the Ship. Captain, and with regard to their feveral Capacities, whether in Reading, Writing, or otherwiſe.
 IV. of To inform against fuch are as are idle. He is to be early every Morning at the Place Teaching, and to reprefent the Names of fuch as idle, or averse to Learning, to the Commander, in order to his taking Courſe for their Correction
 .
 V. Behaviour. He is not to receive his Wages or Allowance with- To produce Certificates out a Certificate from the Captain of his Diligence in of his good his Buſineſs ; nor to be employed again in another Ship, without depofiting in the Admiralty- Office a like Cerficate
 . The Cook. Article
 I. TH Care ofthe HE Cook is to have the Charge of the Steep- To have the Tub, and to be anfwerable for the Meat put Meat in the therein, if any Part thereof fhall be loft through his Steep-Tub. Want of Care. S
 II. He ( 138 ) To boilthe Provifions, and illue them out to the Men. Topreferve
 II. He is to fee the Meat duly watered, and the Provifions carefully and cleanly boiled, and iffued to the Men, according to the Practice of the Navy.
 III. Upon the Appearance of Stormy Weather, he is to be the Steep- Tub careful to fecure the Steep- Tub, fo that it may not be from being loftin formy wafhed over-board ; but if through any unexpected Weather. Accident, which he cannot prevent, the fame ſhall happen to be loft, which the Captain is to certify, he is to make Oath to the Number of Pieces loft, that it may be allowed upon the Purfer's Account. PART
 IV. S PART
 IV. Of Hofpital-Ships. ARTICLE
 I. tal-Ships are HIPS appointed for Hoſpitals fhall have the Gun- How HofpiDeck entirely fet apart for the Reception of Sick tobefitted. Men, which fhall be flufh, without any Cabbins or Bulkheads, except a Deal or Canvas one ( to roll up) for feparating fuch as have malignant Diftempers from the reft. The faid Deck is to hold all the neceffary Cradles, with the Bedding; and two Pair of chequered Linen Sheets fhall be allowed for every Bed, and Scuttles fhall be made in the Sides, in convenient Places, for Inlets of the Air. S2
 II. Befides 1 ( 140 ) A Phyfician, Surgeon, Affiftants,
 II. Beſides the Phyſician, there fhall be in the HoſpitalShip an able and experienced Surgeon, with Four Mates,
 c. tobe in and Six Men Affiftants, a Servant to the Surgeon, a Baker, and Four Waſhermen ; all fupernumerary to the Complement. the HofpitalShip.
 III. The Captain The Captain of the Hoſpital Ship ſhall ſubſiſt the Menwith the Men under Cure, out of the beft and neweſt Provifions beft Provi- in the Ship ; and with freſh Meat as often as the ſame fions. can be procured. Captains to Send Boats
 IV. When any Men are well enough recovered to return to their Ship, the Captain of the Hoſpital- Ship ſhall coveredMen. put abroad their Ship's Signal and a Weft, that a Boat may be ſent for them. for their reTo refide in the Hofpital Ship. The Physician. Article
 I. THE Phyſician is to embark and refide in the Hofpital-Ship, if there be any, or in fuch other Ship as the Commander in Chief ſhall appoint.
 II. He ( 141 )
 II. He is to vifit the Ships of the Squadron or Divifion To vifit the he belongs to as often as the Circumftances of the Sick in the Ships of the Sick and Hurt Men in them fhall make it needful, Squadron. taking the Surgeon of the Ship with him in his Vifitation, and preſcribing to him the Remedies to be applied for their Cure.
 III. He is impowered at any Time, with the Approba- To inspect the tion of the Admiral or Commander in Chief, to go Surgeons of Chefts of the on Board any Ship of the Squadron or Divifion he the Squadron. belongs to, and infpect into the Cheft of the Surgeon, examining the Goodneſs of his Inftruments, Drugs, and other Medicaments, and to deftroy fuch as are unfit for Ufe. He may call for his Journal, and enquire into his Method of Practice, and reprefent his Failures, whether through Ignorance or Negligence, to the Commander in Chief.
 IV. Admiral's He is to obferve all fuch Orders and Directions as he Toobfervethe ſhall receive from the Admiral or Commander in Chief, Orders ; and relating to the Service; and to demand no Fee or Re- demand n ward from any Perſon under his Care. Fees from his Patients. -IT PART
 V. PART
 V. An Eftablishment of Sea-Wages, and of the Number of Officers allowed to His Majefty's Ships. ARTICLE
 I. Pay of FlagOfficers. Τ per Diem 1. s.
 d. O 3 10 - 2 13 L 15 HE Pay of the Admiral and Com- 2 mander in Chief of the Fleet, is Of an Admiral, Of a Vice-Admiral, Of a Rear-Admiral, 5
 II. The ( 143 )
 II. tains to the The first Captain to the Admiral and Commander in Pay of CapChief of the Fleet, fhall have the Pay of a Rear- Admiral of Admiral. The Second Captain to the faid Admiral, theFleet, and and the Captains to other Admirals, fhall be allowed the Pay of Captain of a Firſt Rate.
 III. to Admirals. tains to Vice The Captains to Vice- Admirals fhall be allowed the Pay of CapPay of a Second Rate, and the Captains to Rear- and Rear Admirals, the Pay of a Third Rate. But if a Vice or Admirals. Rear Admiral ferves in a Ship of the Firſt or Second Rate, the Captain fhall have the proper Pay of the Ship.
 IV. Flag- Officers are to give Certificates to their Captains of the Number of Days they have ferved under them, that they may be paid accordingly.
 V. Captains to as the Time they Serve under Flags. have CertiSecretaries or Clerks of Flag- Officers fhall have the Allowance of following Allowances of Pay, viz. The Secretary of the Admiral of the Fleet, Of the Admiral of the White, or Blue, commanding in Chief, - Blue, Payto Secretaries or per Annum Clerks of 7. s.
 d. Flag- Officers 300 O or CommandOersin Chief. 200 0 0 Of ( 144 ) per Annum Mas
 .
 d. Of a Vice or Rear Admiral, commanding 150 in Chief, Of a Commander in Chief with a Captain under him, O O 1000 But if they ſerve under Flag- Officers not having the Chief Command, they fhall have the following Allowances, viz. And to a Phyfician, per Annum 1. s.
 d. and } 100 Clerks of the Admirals of the White and Blue, - Clerks of Vice and Rear-Admirals, 50 0 Which Salaries are to be in full of all extra Allowances, not only for themſelves, but for all fuch Clerks as fhall be employed under them ; and to be paid them upon Certificates of their being fo employed, from the Flag- Officers or Commanders under whom they ferve.
 VI. When a Phyſician, or Deputy- Treaſurer fhall be or Deputy appointed to the Fleet, or any Squadron thereof, the Pay of the former is to be Twenty Shillings, and of the latter Six Shillings and Eight- Pence by the Day. Treaſurer.
 VII. When ( 145 ) ་
 VII. puty Judge a When Courts Martial fhall require the Affiftance of Andto a Dea Deputy Judge-Advocate, or a Provoft- Marſhal, the Advocate, or Pay of the former is to be Eight Shillings, and of the Prolatter Four Shillings, by the Day, for the Times only for which the faid Courts fhall be fubfifting.
 VIII. Marshal. Schoolmaster. The Schoolmafter fhall receive the Pay of Midſhip- And to a men, and the Captain is to keep open the Vacancy of a Midshipman for that purpofe; but if there be no Vacancy when the Schoolmafter appears on Board, he ſhall nevertheleſs be paid as Midshipman, and entered into the firft Vacancy and for his farther Encouragement he fhall be allowed at the Rate of Twenty Pounds a Year, payable by Bill upon the Treaſurer of the Navy.
 IX. The Wages of other Officers, and of Seamen, with the Number of Officers allowed to a Ship of each Rate, are as follows : Wages of and Seamen, other Officers and Number of Officers allowed to a Ship. T Officers ( 146 ) Officers. Wages in each Rate. Number of 3. 4. 5.
 I. 2
 . 6. 3. 4: 5. ம் 6. 1
 . 2.3. !. s.
 d.ll. S. a. · s.
 d. s.
 d.. s. a.. s. d CAPTAIN per Diem - I 0 00 16 13 60 10 do 8 co 60 I LIEUTENANT per Diem O - T bd I MASTER per Menfem ― 500 5 co 4 co 4 0 40 40 6 6 4 3 3 19 2 8 8 016 6 c5 12 c5 284 2dd°andPilot oftheYachts, at3 10 o per Menfem CHAPLAIN per Menfem o 19 of in all Rates. Maſter's Mate Midshipman Schoolmaster Captain's Clerk Quarter Master - - 2 3 603 502 o c2 16 22 7 IC2 O CI 17 61 13 91 - - Quarter Maſter's Mate BOATSWAIN Boatfwain's Mate - Yeoman of the Sheets Coxswain - Maſter Sailmaker Sailmaker's Mate Sailmaker's Crew - - 2 - - 5 02 1 202 10 01 10 0 24 117 61 13 91 10 0 O CI 17 1 13 91 I 15 01 15 CI 12 OI IO CI I 10 OI IO CI I T T 2 0 6 4 3 2 24 16 IO I 8 - - 13 IO OI IO O I986 981 8 cI 6 o 8 0 8 c 6 c 5 ° 6144-112 4 1644 1 2 I 2 4 +4 122212 41 T 12 444 H T 1 2 I 2 I 2 2 2611 33 I 3112 -- I24 122 4 0 03 10 43 O 02 IO C2 I 15 01 15 CI 12 01 10 0 I 12 OI IO CI 801 8 01 I 12 OI IO CI 8 01 8 01 115 01 15 C 15 01 14 0 12 CI 8 I 8 c
 . 8 OI 8 cr 8 CI 502 O C 801 6 cli 6 4 60 4 6 0 6 c I IO C I 8 c I I 5 c 5 c 5 01 591 5 CI 5 c 2 - -- Gunner's Mate Yeomanof the PowderRoom 15 01 15 01 0 c / 3 10 413 15 01 15 0 02 10 02 5 2 12 01 10 CI 8 ot 12 01 IO CI 8 ос 6 c 6 c - 1 6 CI 6 c 501 5 1 5 1 5 5 CI 5 c 5 o - 15 of 5 5c1 501이 50 - - - One to One to One to One to One to One to every every every every every every 4Gun 4 Guns 4Guns 4Guns 4 Guns 4 Gund I • I I I I GUNNER Quarter Gunner Armourer Gunfmith - - - 142 142 122 I 2 I 2 I I I ( 147 ) Officers in each Rate. BombVeffels Firefhips, 5th Rate's Pay. Hofpital Ships, 5th Rate's Store Ships, 5th Rate's Pay. Pay. Sloops from 100 to 60 Men, 6th Rate's Pay. and Sloops from 50 to Yacht of 50 Men, I I H 40 Men, 6th Rate's Pay. I 6th Rate's Pay. I I 1 I I I I 12 12 12 12 I 2 121 121 121 121 I I I I I I I I I Yachts from 40 to 30 Men 6th Rate's Pay. I I I M1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I • I I I 2 I ( 148 ) Wages in each Rate. Officers.
 I. 2
 . CARPENTER Carpenter's Mate Carpenter's Crew PURSER Steward - Steward's Mate - - COOK - - - حب Numberof 4. 5. 6. 1.2 3.4.5.6. 1. s.
 d.
 l. s.
 d.l. s
 .
 d.l. s
 .
 d.l. s
 . a.l. s.
 d. 0 03.10 013 O C2 IO 02 502 00 O 02 O OI 16 CI 14 0 12 01 10 0 601 601 5 1 5 01 501 14 0 03 10 03 5 01 5 01 o 81 。 81 5 CI ο ει 0 C2 10 02 34I 。 8 5 2 ο ε 23 - 1 501 501 5 0 5 0 5 014 1 I 2 2 1 50 1210 865916 O - I I I I I I I II I SURGEON Surgeon's Ditto -- 15 0 05 005 First Mate 2 10 02 10 02 Second Mate 2 o 05 0 05 10 22 10 02 0 05 10 c2 10 O 02 O 02 O 02 O 02 O O - Ditto, 3d, 4th, and 5th Mate1 10 01 10 0 IO 이 - Mafter at Arms Corporal Trumpeter 2 5 02 I 0 01 17 61 13 91 15 01 12 01 10 OI IO OI 110 018 015 015 01 Midshipman Ordinary Cook's Mate Coxfwain's Mate - · Yeoman ofthe Boatswain's Store-room Swabber Cooper - Able Seaman Captain's Cook Ordinary Trumpeter O I II I I 5 4 3 2 2 1 - - - - 10 01 10 0 8 01 6 0 5 oli I I 1 I1 40 2 2 2 2 2 1 I 1] 21 1. s.
 d. - at 1 4o per Menfem. ( 149 ) Officers in each Rate. BombVeffels Hofpital Store Ships , Sloops from and Sloops Yacht of 50 Men, 6th Rate's Pay. Firefhips, 5th Rate's Pay. Pay. Ships, 5th Rate's 5th Rate's Pay. 100 to 60 Men, 6th Rate's Pay. from 50 to 40 Men, 6th Rate's Pay. I I I I I I I I 112 I I I I 2 Yachts from 40 to 30 Men 6th Rate's Pay. ITTI I I I I I I I I I I I
 I. I I I I I I Ordinary Seamen Shifter Barber - Gunner's Taylor
 l. s
 .
 d. at o 19 o per Menfem.
 X. Flag ( 150 ) Pay of Flag Officers to continue from
 X. Flag Officers fhall commence Pay from the Date of their Commiffions, or Orders to repair to their SquaDate of In- drons, and continue in Pay to the Day that they ſtrike the Striking their Flag by Order, or that it is fignified to them the of the Flag. Expedition is ended. fructions, to Captains and
 XI. Captains and Lieutenants fhall commence Pay from Lieutenants the Date of their Commiffions, unleſs they are appointed in the Place of an Officer removed, who is to enjoy his Commisions. Pay until he is relieved by his Succeffors. to begin Pay from the Date of their Lieutenant commanding
 XII. A Lieutenant fucceeding to the Command of the on Death of Ship, upon the Death of the Captain in Foreign Parts, the Captain fhall receive the Pay and Allowances of a Captain, untain's Pay til he is fuperfeded by another Captain appointed to command her. to have CapCommiffions
 XIII. All Commiffions to Captains and Lieutenants ſhall be to be entered entered in the Navy- Office. in the NavyOffice. Commiffion or Warrant
 XIV. Commiffion or Warrant Officers quitting their EmOfficers quit- ployments Abroad, without fuch Reaſons as ſhall be ting Abroad, fatisfactory to the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Caufe, tobe Commiffioners of the Admiralty, fhall be diſmiſſed from difmiffed without the Service.. of ( 151 ) Of the Number of Men, or Servants, allowed to Officers. WHI Article
 I. Admiral allowed what Number of HEN the Lord High Admiral goes to Sea in Per- Lord High fon, there is allowed him fuch a Number of Men, or Servants, above the Complement of the Ship, as he thinks proper, in regard to the Dignity of his Office.
 II. The Admiral and Commander in Chief of Fleet is allowed Admirals, Vice- Admirals, Rear-Admirals,
 III. the} Men. 50 Men or vants he thinksfit. Number of Men allowed to Flag Offi 30 cers. 20 15 Out of which Number there may be borne on the Ship's Books as Servants, viz. To the Admiral and Commander in Chief of the Fleet, To Admirals, - - To Vice and Rear Admirals,
 IV. Chief? - Servants. Number of Servants al16 lowed them. 12 10 Servants al There is allowed to the Captain of every Ship, Four Number of Servants in every Hundred Men of the Complement. owed to the To the Lieutenant, Mafter, Second Mafter, Purfer, Officers of a Surgeon ( 152 ) Men and Servants allowed to Flags to be above the Surgeon, Chaplain, and Cook, in all Ships down to 60 Men inclufive, each one Servant. To the Boatfwain, Gunner, and Carpenter, in all fhips down to 100 Men inclufive each two Servants ; and from 100 to 60 Men, one Servant.
 V. The Allowances of Men or Servants to Flag Officers are to be reckoned over and above the Complement of the Ship ; but the Servants of Captains, and all other Complement; Officers, are to be included in it. to others, within it. Age of Ser- vants. Servants to Standing Officers to be Į
 .
 VI. : No Servant fhall be allowed to any Officer on the Ship's Books, who is under Thirteen Years of Age, unleſs he be the Son of an Officer, and he not to be under Eleven.
 VII. No Servant ſhall be allowed to fuch Warrant Officers, Warrant who, by the Conſtitution of the Navy, are ſtanding in bound by In- the Ship, and are allowed Servants in Ordinary, but who are bound to them by Indenture for (at leaſt) Five Years, the faid Indentures to be enrolled in the Navy Office. denture. Officers to receive no
 VIII. All Officers are ftrictly charged to conform themWages, but felves to theſe Regulations ; and not by Mifratings, or for their own collufive Powers, to receive the Wages of any more than Servants. their proper Servants. Of ( 153 ) ΤΗ Of Table-Money. Article
 I. HE Admiral and Commander in Chief of the ſhall be allowed Twenty Shillings a Day for Table, both in Home and Foreign Voyages. II
 . Fleet Admiral of the Fleet, alhis lowed TableMoney in all Voyages. Admirals and Vice- Admirals, fhall be allowed the And Admifame Table-Money when they Command in Chief:
 III. ralsandViceAdmirals, when they Commend in Table-Money The Allowance of Table Money to the Admiral and Chief Commander in Chief of the Fleet ſhall begin and end when the with his Sea- Pay ; and to the others from the Date of is to begin their Commiffions, or Orders to Command in Chief, to the Day of the Expiration of that Command. Of Gratuities to the Relations of Officers and others Slain in Fight with the Enemy. HIS Article
 I. and end. Declaration tions of Per IS Majefty, in Compaffion to the diftreffed Con- HisMajeſty's dition of the Widows, Orphans, and Mothers ofHis Bounty of fuch as may be flain in Fight with the Enemy at the RelaSea, has been graciouſly pleaſed to order, that certain fonsflain in Sums of Money fhall be allowed and diftributed to the light. faid Relations, as His Royal Bounty, according to the following Regulations. U
 II. The ( 154 ) Widow to have a Year's Pay. Orphans one Third of a Widow. Orphans married to have no Bounty. Mother to have a WiII. The Allowance to the Widow fhall be a full Year's Pay, according to the Poft her Huſband ſerved in at the Time of his Death.
 III. The Allowance to each Orphan fhall be one Third in Proportion to the Allowance to the Widow ; and poſthumous Children ſhall be eſteemed Orphans.
 IV. No Allowance fhall be made to any Orphan married at the Time of the Father's Death.
 V. If the Party flain ſhall have no Widow, but leave a dow's Share, Mother that is indigent, a Widow, and above Fifty if there beno Years of Age, at the Time that her Son was flain , ſhe ſhall be allowed Bounty equal to a Widow. Widow. FireShips ef teemed as 4th
 .
 VI. The Relations of Officers flain in Fire- Ships fhall Rates, with receive the fame Bounty as thofe of Officers of the like regard to the Rank, flain in Ships of the Fourth Rate. Bounty. Explanation flain in Fight. 1
 VII. This Bounty fhall be underſtood to extend as well to of the Words thoſe who ſhall be flain in Tenders, or in Boats or on Shore, as to thofe flain on Board the Ships ; and alſo to ſuch as ſhall be flain in Fight with Pirates, or who ſhall happen to encounter with the Ships of Friends by MifAnd Perfons dying of their Wounds, after Battle, fhall be eſteemed as Perfons flain. take.
 VIII. The ་ ( 155 )
 VIII. Names of the Slain at the The Captains of His Majefty's Ships are to fet down Captains to at the End of their Mufter- Books a diftinct Account ofJet down the the Officers or Men flain, and on what Occafion, that, upon Application of the Parties intitled to this Bounty, the Navy-Board may cauſe them to be paid. OfGratuities to Officers wounded in Fight with theEnemy, and to Seamen hurt in the Service. Article
 I. End of the MufterBooks. ofHisBounty WHENany Commiffion or Warrant Officers, ferving His Majefy's in the Navy, fhall be wounded in Fight with the Declaration Enemy, His Majefty has been pleaſed, in Confideration wounded thereof, to eſtabliſh the following Allowances.
 II. Officers. Charges of Continuance wounded. If the Wound received fhall happen to occafion the Bounty of a Lofs of an Eye, or Limb, or the total Lofs of the Year's Pay, Uſe of a Limb, or be fuch as fhall, upon Search made Cure, and by the Mafter, Wardens, and Affiftants of the Company in Pay, to of Surgeons in London, be by them certified to be, in Officers much its Effects, of equal Prejudice to the Habit of the Body with the Loſs of a Limb, the Party fhall receive a Gratuity in Money of one full Year's Pay, and be further allowed fuch Expences relating to his Cure, ( if it is not performed at His Majefty's Expence) as fhall be certified to be reaſonable, under the Hands of the faid Company, upon Examination of the Vouchers, which he is to lay U 2 before ( 156 ) Ships under the third Rate to be before them. And he ſhall befides continue in Pay during the Time he fhall, by good Proof, appear to have lain under Cure. III
 . Officers ferving in Ships under the Third Rate, at the Time of receiving Wounds, fhall be eſteemed ( as to Third Rates the Meaſure of a Year's Gratuity) as Officers of a Third astotheYear's Rate. Gratuity. Volunteers to havethefame Bounty as Lieutenants. Allowance of Charges of Cure, and Continuance
 IV. Volunteers by Warrant ſhall be eſteemed ( with reſpect to the Year's Gratuity) as Lieutenants.
 V. If the Wounds received amount not to the Lofs of a Limb, nor are of equal Prejudice to the Body, the in Payto Of Charges of Cure only, and the Continuance of the ficers wounded fightly
 . Party in Pay, are allowed, as is expreſſed in the Second Explanation of the Term Article.
 VI. Under the Term, Wounded in Fight with the Enemy, Wounded fhall be comprehended all the feveral Cafes included in in Fight. the Seventh Article of the preceding Chapter, concerning the Slain in Fight with the Enemy; and fuch as are fo wounded, fhall be paid the Gratuities and Charges here allowed them, upon their Application to the NavySeamen hurt in the Service to havethe Board.
 VII. When any Warrant or Inferior Officer, Seamen, or other in Sea-pay, ſhall receive any Hurt, or be maimed or difabled in any Service of the Ship, whether it be on Chatham. board or afhore, the Captain is to cauſe a Certificate to Benefit of the Cheft at " be ( 157 ) be made out, and delivered to him, (printed Forms of which will be given him at the Navy- Office) expreffing the Nature of the Hurt, and on what Occafion it was received ; which Certificate fhall be figned by himſelf, a Lieutenant, the Mafter, Surgeon , and one more of the other Warrant Officers of the Ship, to the End that he may receive the Benefit of the Cheft at Chatham, according to the Rules and Conftitutions of the fame. Of Pensions to Superannuated Officers. Article
 I. WARRANT Officers ferving in the Navy Declaration , who by HisMajefy's Age and long Service fhall be worn out and ren- inFavour of dered incapable of diſcharging their Duty, fhall beSuperannufuperannuated, and maintained during the Reft of their Lives, under the following Regulations. II
 . ated Officers. vice Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Purfers, and Cooks, Time of Ser- (whoſe Employments are conftant) fhall have ſerved full to befuper- Fifteen Years ; Mafters and Surgeons, (whofe Employ- annuated. ments are not conftant) Eight Years in their reſpective Offices, before they ſhall be entitled to apply for Superannuation.
 III. Every Officer applying to be fuperannuated, be examined by the Phyſicians in the Commiſſion plying for fhall Officers apof SuperannuaSick amined. tion ex- ( 158 ) " Penfionsto be equal to their Pay. Penfions to Mafters to be Half their Sick and Wounded, or , in Default of fuch Commifſion , by the Phyſician of the Royal Hoſpital at Greenwich) in Conjunction with the Mafter, Wardens, and Affiftants of the Surgeons Company in London, who are to inſpect into, and make Judgment of, the State of his Body or Mind, and of his Unfitneſs to ſerve His Majeſty and to make Report thereof under their Hands.
 IV. Officers, whofe Employments are conſtant, being admitted to Superannuation, fhall receive an annual Penfion equal to their Pay in the Ship of the higheſt Rate they have ſerved in.
 V. ; The Penfions to be allowed to Mafters fhall be equal to Half their Pay, according to the foregoing Rule. Pay, Sur Surgeons in this Reſpect fhall be efteemed as Maſters thefamePen- that is to fay, a Surgeon, fuperannuated from a Ship of fons asMaf- the Firft Rate, fhall enjoy a Penfion equal to a Maſter fuperannuated from the Firft Rate, and ſo on. geons to have ters. Commiffion Officers to be confidered as their Cafe ·
 VI. His Majefty is pleaſed to reſerve to himſelf to confider the Merits and Pretenfions of Commiffion Officers, who fhall be worn out or difabled in His Service, as their Shalldeſerve
 . Cafe fhall be reprefented to Him by the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty, and to ſettle fuch Allowances or Penſions upon them as His Majefty fhall think fit
 . APPENDIX
 . · APPENDIX. His Majefty's Orders relating to the Refpects to be paid to Flag Officers and Commodores, from the Troops in Forts and Garrifons. GEORGE R. WHEHEREAS We have thought fit to order, that the feveral Admirals of Our Fleet fhall have, upon all Occafions, the fame Refpects paid to them from Our Troops when they come into any of Our Forts and Garrisons where Our Forces are, as the Reſpective Generals of Our Army, have paid them from Our Forces ; Our Will and Pleaſure therefore is, that the following Rules be well obſerved , and put in Execution
 . That the Admirals, with the Flags on the Main Top, have the fame Refpects from the Troops with Generals of Horſe or Foot ; that is, upon all Occafions to have the March beat to them, and to be faluted by all the Officers , the Colours excepted. That Vice-Admirals have the fame Refpects as Lieutenants- General of Horfe or Foot ; that is, upon all Occafions to be faluted by all the Officers in the Garriſon, and have three Ruffles given them. That That Rear-Admirals have the fame Refpects as Majors- General ; which is to have Two Ruffles, and not be faluted by any Officer. That Commodores with broad Pendants have the fame Reſpects as Brigadiers- General ; which is, to have One Ruffle. Given at Our Court at Kenfington, the 27th Day of June, 1734, in the Eighth Year of Our Reign. By His Majefty's Command, William Strickland. FORM S OF BOOKS or ACCOUNTS Referred to in the Preceding INSTRUCTIONS. X ( 158 ) Form of a Journal to be kept by the Month and Day. Year. Wind. Courfe. Miles
 . Latitude.' Longitude. Bearings and Diſtance at Noon. ( 159 ) Captains and other Officers of His Majeſty's Ships. Remarkable Obfervations and Accidents. X 2 ( 160 ) Time of teer, or No. Entry and where
 . Appear- Preft, Whether a Volun- No. and Letter of Names. Year. ance. and Tickets. Mens D D D Quality. or R. whence. Form of Time. Year. Whither or what Strag Reafon. lers. ( 161 ) PAY- BOOK. Front of Ledger. Neglect
 . Slopfellers Cloaths fupplied by Cloaths Dead Two Months Advance Beds in Sick Mens Quarters Cloaths. or Two Months in Six
 . Full Wages. Net Wages. When paid
 . Towhom paid ( 162 ) Form of a Liſt for Payment of Two Month A Lift of fuch Seamen and Able-bodied Landmen asjefty's Ship from the to this Two Months Wages in Advance before the Ship No. Mens Names. Quality. Time of Entry. With whom entered. ( 163 ) MWages in Advance to Voluntiers, have entered Voluntarily to ferve on Board His Ma- nen tot Day of e oes to Sea. and are thereby entitled to receive At what Place. Solving Column
 . Sum paid. To whom and when paid. ( 164 ) Form of a Liſt for the Payment of Conduct- Money. and A Lift of Seamen and Able-bodied Landmen, who Voluntarily Entered to ſerve on Board His Majefty's Ship the are entitled to Conduct-Money for the fame, viz. Nº.on Ship's Year. Books. Time of Mens From whence No. of Solving Entry. Appearance
 . Names. travelled
 . Miles. Column Sumpaid ΤΗ 'HESE are to certify, that the Perfons folved on this Li Voluntarily Entered for, and Travelled, at their ow Expence, to His Majefty's Ship the ' , at and we paid Conduct- Money for the fame in our Prefence , as again their Names expreffed, by Mr. —, Clerk of the Cheque His Majefty's Yard at amounting in the Whole toth Sum of Dated on Board the ſaid Ship at Day of 17-. this A ト ( 166 ) Form of a Lift for Payment of Two Mont ALift ofthe Inferior Officers and Seamen belonging to Form what Place Two Mont In Quality. Entr or Ship they laft Time of Entry. No. Mens Names. Quality. came, at entering into this Ship. ( 167 ) ages in Six to Inferior Officers and Seamen. jefty's Ship the ges in Six. in order to their receiving er Ship. Money ad- vanced more Charge Time. than was earned. Time of Service in Sum advanced before this Ship. inthis Ship. 1. S.
 d. Ms. Ds. Ws. 1. 5.
 d. Y 2 Solving Column
 . To whom and Sum paid. when paid. ( 168 ) Form of a Shel A Lift of all the Officers and Men belonging to Shore, Diſcharged, or Dead, as ſuch as are actual ending the of of the Nature and Kin N°.on Mens Ship's Quality. Books. Names. Entry for the Time of this Lift. D DD Diſcharge for the Time or R. of this Lift. ( 169 ) Allowance Liſt. Majeſty's Ship the " as well as fuch as are Sick on on Board, Beginning Short Allowance the undermentioned, viz. and To deduct for any that may, within the Time, be abfent, either by Sick- Sum due to each Man nefs, on Shore, or otherwiſe. for Short Allowance
 . When went from the Ship, When returned Solving Column
 . No. of Days. Rate per Diem. To whom paid. Sum
 . ( 170 ) Advice's S LOP- BOOK. No. Received at London, of Mr. Wm. Franklin, 5 Bales of Slop-Cloaths, containing, viz. No. Invoice of Bales-N° 1 , Pea Jackets Under Waiſtcoats Kerſey Breeches Shirts - Trowfers - Caps Stockings Wrapper S.
 d. 1. s.
 d. - 6 at 9 6 each 2 17 0 6 4 6 1 7 0 6 4 6 1 70 - 144 3 2 22 16 o · 48 pr. 1 10 4 80 24 0 7 O 14 O 48 pr. 1 6 3 12 0 · 1 0 30 £ 37 4 0 ( 171 ) An Account of Slop-Cloaths, Beds, and Tobacco, iffued , as likewiſe Dead Mens Cloaths fold at the Maft on Board His Majefty's Ship the Capt. Time when iffued. Year
 . Commander, between the and the viz. Slop Cloaths. Dead No. 5, John Jones. Mr. Mr. Franklin. Martin. Mens Beds. Tobacco. Cloaths. 12th April 1770 To2 Shirts and Ticken Waiſtcoats, and a Bedo 11 10 14th July To a Pair of Shoes and 4 Pounds of Tobacco 。 3 8 9th Sept. To a Frock and Trowfers 30th Nov. To a Waiſtcoat, Breeches, and Hofe, of Benjamin Facebfon,
 D. Ð. · 076 O IO 6 。 8 11 0 6 4 0 15 6 0 7 to 10 60 8 11 0 6 4 No. 13, Edward Smith. No. 37, Henry Bond. At the End of the Slop-Book to infert An ( 172 ) An Account of the Cloaths fold at the Maft, belonging to Benjamin Jacobfon, &c. viz. No. on When Sold. Ship's To whom Sold. Books. Species. Sum. 30Nov.1770. 5. John Jones. To a Waiſtcoat, Pair of Breeches, and Hofe , o 10 13. Edward Smith. To - I 5 37. Henry Bond. To 0 12 2 7 6 1 ( 173 ) Ꮓ to Liſt of Merchant Ships and Veffels under the Convoy of A. B. Ship's Maſter's Name. Name. Owners. What built. Burthen
 .
 .Guns Men
 . Whither Lading. bound. ( 174 )} A Table of Powder for Service and Scaling. Pounders. Service. Scaling.
 L. O%.
 L. 0%. 4.2 17 32 14. 24 II 18 9 322- 4 2 12 O I 8 I 2 6 9 4 ноI. O 12 8 4 O O 10 Natures of Guns. 6 5 4 322T 8 10 8 6 3 I 2 I I11 12 432 I I 8 I 2 4 I ( 175 ) An Account of the Expence of Gunner's Stores on Board His Majeſty's Ship the 1787, and , Capt. Day of Commander, between viz. Day of Place. Day of the Month. For what Ufe, or on what Account expended. Nature of Stores. Quantity. Portfmouth. ft Jan. Fired to falute Admiral B.
 C. 6 Pounders J Powder - Forty-five Pounds Paper Cartridges, 6 Pounders Fifteen At Sea. 25th Feb. Fired to bring a Ship to, 12 Pounders, i thotted. Powder S Shot 12 Pounders Small Stores expended this Month. For exercising the Men Converted into Breachings orTackles Paper Cartridges, ditto Powder Mufquet Shot (Expreffing the Number of each
 .) { Tarr'd Ropes In Burned this Month. (And fo for the reft. ) Match - Six Pounds. One. - One. Thirty Pounds Eight Pounds Fathoms Coyls , -Fathoms. AQuarter of an Hundred or Twenty-eight Pounds Z 2 ( 176 ) A Table of the Number and Sorts of Shot in the Grapes for the following Natures of Guns. Nature of Pounders. Shot in the Grape. Number Number in in each. each Box. Lb. 42 4 9 4 32 3 9 4 24 2 9 6 18 I 2 9 8 Natures of Guns.. 12 I 9 10 0%. 9 13 9 I 2 6 8 9 20 4 6 9 20 ( 177 ) X A Table ſhewing the Number and Lengths, &c. of Breechings, Tackles, Muzzle Lafhings, Port Ropes, and Port Tackle Falls, for the ſeveral Rates of Ships undermentioned. Breech- Tackles Muzzle Port Ropes PortTackle ings. Lafhings Falls. Rates ofShips
 .
 .Guns ofNmber Natures
 .
 .Length
 .Deck each on°N What Decks they are on. Ins Ins ].Deck each onSize
 .Feet inLength |
 .Deck each on°N|
 .Deck each onSize Fathoms inLength
 .Deck each on°N|
 .Size Fathoms inLength
 .Number
 .Deck each onSize
 .Feet inLength |
 .Deck each on°N !Ship each for Total
 .Deck each onSize
 .Feet inLeng.h |
 .Deck each onIN Ship each for Total Ift. 100 2d. 90. 3d. 80. InsNIN - Ins 562 428 2 MINT 1 1 2 2 2 16 26 Ins 21 3276 2243272 22126 1414 21814 IC 4 T 4262213274 2243270 21624 221 24 2 1414 - 2 10 4 - 4420 10 28 Lower 6 30 28 10 28 Middle - 6 30 2812 를 56 12 9 28 Upper 5 28 28 2 856 6 9 16 Qua and Forecaſtle 4 27 162 732 2696 6666 MINKINAIN 6 28 26 210522 5 28 26 2 952 4 28 26 2 852 427 122 724 329 18 91 329 12 9 619 81 26 Lower 26 Middle 26 Upper 12 Qua and Forecaſtle · 1 6 28 26 21 1052 2 4 262 21 3264 224 28 52 26 Lower 26 Middle - 5 28 26 2 8 52 } 28 Upper and Quarter 4 125 272 282 756 24 9 3d. I2 9 26 Upper - 5 27 262 852 70. 6 9 18 Quar and Forecaſtle 4 8 24 $ 2718/2 736 26 Lower 6 28 26 210522 -21624 210 8 - 221 24 4262213046 221 2840 2 1612 210 4 - 22112 ( 178 ) 1 Rates ofShips
 . Number Gns of. Natures
 . Length
 .
 .Deck each °onN What Decks they are on. Breechings. Tackles Muzzle Port Ropes PortTackle Lathings Falls.
 .Deck each onSize
 .Feet inLength | °oneach Deck
 .N Deck
 .each onSize Fathoms inLength
 .Deck each on°N
 .Size Fathoms inLength
 .Number
 .Deck each onSize
 .Feet inLength
 .Deck each on°N| Total for each Shipl
 .Deck each onSize
 .Feet inLength
 .Deck each on°N| |Total fr each Ship 4th. 60. 4th. 50 % 40 5th. 6th. 30 20 24 9 919 6 18 6 {; } 12 9 26 96MIN 24Lower 26 Upper IoQua' and Forecaſtle 4 22 Lower 22Upper 6 Qua and Forecaſtle 20 Lower 6 8 20 Upper 888888 4 74/24/2 2822 Lower 20 Upper 2 Quarter 6 7 20 Upper · 852- 6 28 24 24 1048| 427262 S27 102 24 424 22 21 28 42 2212838 2 1610 2181c 22 720- 2 IC 4 527 222 944 2 4 22 22 21 2440 218 24 24 2222 M2 425 222 527 4224 62 22 -21612 712- --210 41 5 27 202 840 2 3202 182230 218 20 20 4 25 202 82 87776 44A4 + 2222202 4 24 202 4 22 2121 3I3I 01001 60 -2 10 8 2 2 2 3 82 2 181018 218 8 8 -210 8 4 22 202 640 -2 102020 2182020 ( 179 ) An Abſtract of the Receipts and Expences, or Return of Ordnance Stores on Board His Majeſty's Ship Captain - - - Commander, between the 1ft of January and 30th of June, 1787, with the Remains on the faid 30th of June. Remain ft Receipts ofJanuary, 1787. or Total. or Expences Remain on Board the 30th of June, Supplies. Returns. 1787. Ordnance, Carriages, Axletrees, &c. ( 180 ) A Table of Tools to be provided for the A Standing Vice Hand Vice Wrench Armourer. 1 Hand Hammers Small Hammers Drill Bow Breaft Piece Iron Brace Square Bits of Sorts Punches and Cold Chizzels Rubber, Poiz. 3lb. Hand Files, Poiz. 1lb. 6d Ditto 2º Ditto 12d Smooth 9º Ditto 6d Ditto 3d Ditto Stake, Poiz. 4 lb. Screw Plate with Taps Slitting File 8d Baftard Files Large Ditto Knots of Drill String Drill Box Drills t I 1 1 8- 1
 . I
 I. I I 2 I I I 3 12 I I 6 I 2 I I I I I I I I I 2 I 12 ( 181 ) I I 2 Form of a Survey on Decayed Provifions. Purſuant to the Order on the other Side, We, whofe Names are hereunto ſubſcribed, have been on Board His Majeſty's Ship the and taken a ſtrict and careful Survey of the Provifions complained of, and find them as followeth, viz. Here the particular Speciesfound defective, with Mark. Number. Contents. the exact Quantity of each Sort, are to be inferted in Words at Length, and not in Figures ; and against each Species is to be fet down the true Nature of the Defect, with the Reafon or Occafion thereof, and also whether the faid Provifions are proper orfit for Men to Eat or Drink, or to be kept on Board the Ship or not. And in the Margin is to be fet down the Marks, Number, and Contents of each Cafk, and the Marks of the Firkins of Butter and Cheefe, with the Time when, and from whence received, which the Purfer, or bis Steward, is to inform the Surveyors of, at the Time of Survey. All which Provifions we find to be as above fpecified. And we do alfo declare, That we have made and taken this Survey with fuch Care and Equity, that if required, we are ready to make Oath to the Impartiality of our Proceedings. In witnefs whereof we have hereunto fet our Hands, on Board the faid Ship this Day of The now lying or being (Here the Place or Port to be inferted where the Ship was at the Time of the Survey.) Anno 1 Aa ( 182 ) t Form of a Report on a Survey of Leakage of Beer. Quantity The parti- When From Mark Whether leaked out of each Butt. cular Occa- received fion of the on what of Place each Iron or Where When By whom Wood ftowed. furveyed. furveyed. Leakage. Board. received
 . Cafk. bound. Not to be inferted by the General Name ofdefective Cafk, but to mention theparticular Defect or Occafion , and whether by bad Storage or not. ( 183 ) Form of a Report on a Survey of the Contents of Pieces of Beef or Pork in a Cafk. Number Number Number of of Pieces of Pieces told out marked Pieces fhort of upon on the the When opened. Number of Pieces more than From Mark the Survey. Caſk. Contents. When what received. Place received. of the Cafk. By whom furveyed. Contents. A a 2 t 1 ( 184 ) Form of keeping a Lift of Supernumeraries. The Title to expreſs what they are, and by what Order received on Board. From what
 D. No. Entry. Year. Place, or Names. or Ship, received. Difcharge. Year.
 D.
 D.
 .1 No. of Days To what Place, or At what Ships, dif- victual- Allowance. charged. led. 1 ( 185 ) Form of a SICK - BOOK. An Account of Men put Sick afhore (or on Board Hofpital Ships) from His Majeſty's Ship and the between the Day of Place where put Sick afhore Kor Name of the Hoſpital Ship. ) Day of Time when. No. on the
 D. Men's Names.
 D.
 D. Ship's Books. R. forReturned. Time when. By Command of their Lordships, No. of Days abſent. 1 THE INDE
 X. PART
 I. THEFlag- Officer or Commander in Chief Of Rank and Command Of Marks of Ceremony and Refpect Of Colours Page 1 3 7 10 11 Rules to be obferved in the Appointment of Officers in Foreign] 14 Parts PART
 II. The Captain or Commander 17 Rules of Diſcipline and good Government to be obferved on 3 45 mo of War di Inftructions relating to the Execution of Two Acts of Parlia ment paffed Anno 1 Geo. 2 in Favour of Seamen em- 48 ployed in His Majesty's Service Rules for the Cure of Sick or Hurt Seamen on Board their 355 own Rules 188 The INDEX. Rules to be obferved in fending Sick or Hurt Seamen out His Majefty's Ships for Cure Of the Provifions 4 Of the Slop Cloaths Of the Payment of Short Allowance Money of Pilotage Page of}56 61 69 71 of Convoys of Salutes Of Prizes The Lieutenant The Mafter The Boatfwain ; and Mafter Sail-maker The Gunner; Armourer and Gunfmith The Carpenter The Purfer The Surgeon The Master at Arms ; and the Corporal The Schoolmafter The Cook Of Hofpital Ships PART
 IV. 77 78 81 89 PART
 III. 92 95 98 101 113 115 131 I 134 136 137 139 The Phyfician 140 PART
 V. An Eftablishment of Sea- Wages, and of the Number Officers allowed to His Majefty's Ships of} 142 Of the Number of Men, or Servants, allowed to Officers 151 Of Table- Money 153 Of Gratuities to the Relations of Officers and others, flain} ib. in Fight with the Enemy Of Gratuities to Officers wounded in Fight with the Enemy } 155 and to Seamen hurt in the Service Of Penfions to Superannuated Officers APPENDIX. His Majefly's Order relating to the Refpects to be paid to Flag- Officers and Commodores from the Troops in Forts and Garrifons. 157 ADDITIONAL ADDITIONAL REGULATIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS Relating to His MAJESTY'S SERVICE at SEA. Bb By the Commiffioners for Executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of GreatBritain and Ireland, &c.
 . Additional REGULATIONS and INSTRUCTIONS relating to His Majesty's Service at Sea. ARTICLE
 I. ther Ship, to WHEREAS by the Fifty-ninth Article of the When reGeneral printed Inftructions, the Captains of movedtoanoHis Majeſty's Ships are permitted, when ' they are re- remove only moved by Commiffion from one Ship into another, to vants with carry along with them the following Number of Men, including their own Servants, viz. Rate. From a ift 2d 3d 4th 5th - Men. 80 65 50 40 his own him. 20 6th 10 Bb 2 But ( 192 ) Not to difcharge any particular Order. 8 But the fame having been attended with Inconveniencies and Prejudice to the Service, every Commander is hereby required, when a Preſs ſhall be on Foot, never to remove with him from one Ship to another any Number of Men whatſoever, his own Servants excepted, without a written Order for fo doing from the Admiralty or the Commander in Chief at the Port where the Ship may be.
 II. There being Reafon to believe , that, in Times of Man without Preffing, the Captains of fome of His Majefty's Ships have taken an unjuſtifiable Liberty of diſcharging Men whom they did not like , or fending them on Shore in their Boats, thereby giving them an Opportunity of deferting; every Commander of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels is hereby ftrictly charged and required (when a Prefs ſhall be on Foot) not to preſume to difcharge any Man, on any Account whatſoever, without an Order from this Board, or a Flag Officer ; and to Not to give avoid giving Opportunities for Deſertion , he is as Opportunities ftrictly charged never to fend or employ any Men on forDefertion. Shore (if it can poffibly be avoided) or fend any in Merchant Ships in Lieu of Preft Men, or to give Leave of Abfence to any, unleſs they are Truft-worthy, and may be depended upon for their Return ; but to take Care to keep them ftrictly to their Duty, unlefs there fhall be an abfolute Neceffity, by Reaſon of Sickneſs, to fend them to Hofpitals for Cure ; and, in that Cafe, to take as much Care as poffible may be, that they be ſent on Shore in fuch Manner, + as ( 193 ) as not to give them Opportunity to defert, and that they be brought on Board again as ſoon as recovered of their Sickneſs
 . :
 III. except fuch as There being great Reaſon to believe that it is a No Sick to be frequent Practice for Commanders of His Majefty's Jenton Shore Ships to fend Men to Hoſpitals or Sick Quarters for cannotbe taken due flight Ailments or Hurts, which might very well be Care ofon taken Care of and cured on Board the Ships to which Board. they belong And whereas fuch Proceeding is not only burthenfome to the Public, by occafioning a great additional Expence while the Men are under Cure, but is attended with a ftill much worfe Confequence to the Service, by the Lofs of many Men, who make uſe of the Opportunity thereby afforded them to defert : For Remedy of thefe Evils, every Commander of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels is hereby ftrictly enjoined never to fend any Men to an Hoſpital or Sick Quarters, unleſs their Diftempers or Hurts are fuch, or the Number of Sick and Hurt fo great, that they cannot be taken due Care of on Board, which the Surgeon of the Ship is to certify, under his Hand, before any Man whatever is fent to fuch Hoſpital or Quarters : And in Order to a due Obfervance hereof, we do farther direct, that when any Men are ſent Sick on Shore, the Phyſician and Surgeon of the Hofpital do forthwith examine them; and if they find any who might have been taken due Care of, and probably cured in a little Time on Board their Ships, and therefore ought not, agreeable to the aforegoing ( 194 ) To fend Ac- counts monthly, and on a Cruize, to aforegoing Injunction , to have been fent on Shore, they are to certify the fame to the Commanding Officer at the Port, who is immediately to cauſe them to be returned to their Ships, and to tranfmit the Certificate from the Phyfician and Surgeon to the Navy-Board, who are thereupon to cauſe Twenty Shillings for each Man fo improperly fent on Shore, to be charged againſt the Wages of the Surgeon of the Ship from which they were fent, and to be abated therefrom. And whenever the Hofpitals or Sick Quarters are viſited by a Commiffioner for Sick and Hurt, who is a Phyſician or Surgeon, if he finds any Perfons entertained therein , who ought not, agreeable to the aforegoing Regulation, to have been received , the Commiffioners for Sick and Hurt are to cauſe the Surgeon and the Agent at the Hofpital or Sick Quarters to be mulcted Twenty Shillings each for every Man fo entertained. "
 IV. He is ftrictly enjoined punctually to comply with the latter Part of the Eighteenth Article of the GeReturn from neral printed Inftructions, directing, (if the Ship is in the Admiral Great Britain or Ireland) a Monthly Account of Men, discharged, difcharged to be fent to the Admiralty Office ; and, deferted, and in Addition thereto, he is, whenever the Ship puts ty, of Men dead. into any Port of Great Britain or Ireland from a Cruize, to fend a like Account of Men diſcharged, between the Time the laft Account ended, and the Time of fo putting into Port. He is alſo ſtrictly to comply ( 195 ) t comply with the Sixteenth Article of the ſaid Inftructions, by fending conftant Accounts to the Secretary of the Admiralty, of Men who defert, at the Times fuch Deſertions happen ; and, moreover, whenever he fends an Account of Men diſcharged as above directed , he is ftrictly enjoined to tranfmit an Account of Men who have deferted within the fame Period of Time that the Account of diſcharged Men includes, and to note againſt them the feveral Particulars prefcribed in the Fifteenth Article of the faid Inftructions. He is alſo further ftrictly directed , when he fends the aforementioned Accounts to tranfmit with them a third Account, containing the Names and Qualities of all the Men who have died within the fame Periods of Time : And if he ſhall have Supernumeraries on Board, he is to diſtinguiſh in each Account which of the Men were Part of his Complement, and which were Supernumeraries.
 V. Great Inconvenience having arifen to the Service , and To make out a Ticketfor alfo great Difcouragement to Scamen ferving in His Ma- every Man jefty's Ships, from Captains fometimes diſcharging Men diſcharged. without Tickets, every Commander is hereby enjoined to a very ſtrict and punctual Compliance with the Seventeenth Article of the General printed Inftructions, (under the Head of the Captain or Commander) in relation to making out Tickets for every Perfon who fhall be difcharged ; and, if the Party ſhall be dead or abſent, the Commander is ſtrictly charged to tranfmit his ( 196 ) Pay Lifts to be made out one Ship to his Ticket immediately, or by the very firſt Opportunity, to the Navy- Board. And whenever any Ticket is made out, he is ftrictly charged to fee that all Deductions, of any Kind whatſoever, that ought to be made from the Wages of the Party, be carefully fet off, upon Pain of making good the Value of any Failure therein.
 VI. When any Men borne for Wages fhall be diffor Mien dif- charged from one Ship or Veſſel to another, the Capchargedfrom tain of the Ship or Veffel from which they ſhall be diſcharged, is to be particularly careful to fend immediately to the Navy-Board proper Pay- Lifts for fuch Men, in order that they may be paid the Wages due to them as foon as poffible after their being ſo diſcharged. another. Particular to Agent for Sick and fent on Shore.
 VII. Whereas it generally happens, that when any of Ticketstobe His Majefty's Ships proceed to Sea, they leave Men at an Hoſpital or Sick Quarters, and fome of thoſe Hurt, with Men are afterwards difcharged from thence unferviceall fick Men able ; or, (as is fometimes the Cafe) being diſcharged from the Hofpital or Sick Quarters into Ships near at Hand, they are in a fhort Time turned on Shore as unfit for Service : And whereas Men, under either Circumftance, are reduced to great Diſtreſs and Miſery for Want of their Wages, which, by the preſent Regulations, cannot be paid, becauſe they have not the ufual Tickets of Difcharge ; in order to give the poor Men ( 197 ) Men, Relief herein, the Navy- Board are to cauſe printed Tickets, in the Form, ( Pages 230, 231 , ) to be iſſued to the feveral Commanders of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels who are hereby ftrictly charged to take Care timely to apply for the fame, and always to have a fufficient Number of the faid Tickets by them ; and whenever any Man, whether Seamen or Marine, is fent to an Hoſpital or Sick Quarters from any Ship or Veffel of His Majefty's, her Commander is never to fail fending one of the faid Tickets with him to the Agent for Sick and Hurt, and to be particularly careful, that the refpective Columns be duly filled up, becauſe, if the Man fhall be diſcharged unſerviceable from the Hofpital or Sick Quarters, or put on Board any other Ship than that from which he was fent, the Agent is to tranfmit the faid Ticket, together with the cuſtomary Ticket of Diſcharge from the Hoſpital, to the Commiffioner of the Navy at the Port, or to the Navy-Board, and from them a proper Ticket is to be forthwith made out, and the Wages paid; or if the Man fhall be put on Board any other Ship befides that from which he was fent to the Hofpital or Quarters, and fhall be turned on Shore unferviceable before he gets back to his proper Ship, a Ticket is to be made out, and his Wages paid as aforeſaid, as ſoon as ſuch Cafe happens : As therefore the aſcertaining the Wages due to the Man, will depend upon the Accuracy in filling up the Ticket above directed to be fent with him to the Agent for Sick and Hurt, the Commanders of His Majefty's 4 C c Ships ( 198 ) New-raifed Mento be inDuty of Sea- men. Ships and Veffels are, reſpectively to be reſponſible for the Confequence of any Failure therein
 .
 VIII. It being of great Confequence to His Majefty's fructedin the Service, that all new-raifed Men, and others, who may not be good Seamen, fhould be inftructed and trained up in whatever may tend to make them moſt uſeful ; the Commanders of His Majeſty's Ships and Veffels are to caufe all fuch Men daily to lafh up their Hammacoes, and carry them to the proper Places for barricading the Ship, whenever the Weather will permit : And alſo to take Care that they be practifed in going frequently every Day up and down the Shrowds, and employed on all Kinds of Work, which are to be created on purpoſe for them, both to keep them in Action, and to teach them the Duty of Seamen. To difcipline the Ship's Companyfre- quently in Military
 IX. Commanders of His Majefty's Ships being directed, (by the Thirty-fifth Article of the General printed Inftructions) before they fail out of Port, to make a Exercifes. Regulation for quartering the Officers and Men, and diſtributing them to the Great Guns, Small Arms, Rigging, &c. and to difcipline their Ships Companies frequently in the Exercife of the fame, fetting down in their Journals the Times they are fo exerciſed : And as a Remiffneſs therein, by not exercifing the Men fufficiently often to render them expert in all Particulars, ( 199 ) culars, may be attended with very ill Confequences to His Majeſty's Services in Times of Action, all Commanders are ftrictly enjoined to a punctual Obſervance of the faid Article of their Inftructions, and not to fail to fet down in their Journals the Times they exercife their Men.
 X. certain Numthe Ufe of It being ofgreat Importance to His Majefty's Service, Totrain a that as many as may be of the Men belonging to His ber ofthe Majeſty's Ships, and more eſpecially fuch of them as are Company to Landmen, ſhould be exerciſed and trained up to the Uſe Small Arms. of Small Arms ; the Commanders of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels are to cauſe a Number of their Men, at leaſt equal to what is expreffed in the under-mentioned Scheme, (exclufive of Marines) to be daily, or as frequently as poffible, exerciſed and trained up in the Uſe of Small Arms, under the particular Care and Direction of the Lieutenant at Arms, (where any fuch fhall be appointed) the Maſter at Arms, and Corporal, that fo they may be as perfect as ' tis poffible in the Uſe thereof, on all Occafions which may require the ſame. Number of Men to be appointed to the Ufe of Small Arms on Board His Majefty's Ships of each Rate, and Sloops : Rate. ift 2d 3d of 80 Guns 70 Guns - - 1 - I Men. 150 120 100 80 Gc 2 Rate ( 200 ) Rules for preferving Cleanliness Rate. 4th of 60 Guns 5th 6th · · Sloops 50 Guns
 XI. 1 · Men. 70 60 50 40 30 Cleanlineſs being of great Confequence to the Health of the Men, all Commanders of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels are ſtrictly required to cauſe the following Rules to be punctually complied with : 1. That all the Men on Board, whether new raiſed or others, do conftantly keep themſelves as clean, in every Reſpect, as poffible. 2. That the Ship be aired between Decks as much as may be ; and that the be always kept thoroughly clean. 3. That all neceffary Precautions be uſed, by placing proper Centinels, or otherwife, to prevent People eafing themſelves in the Hold, or throwing any Thing there that may occafion Naftinefs. 4. That no Fruit or Strong Liquors be fold on Board the Ship. 5. That no Women be ever permitted to be on Board, but fuch as are really the Wives of the Men they come to ; and the Ship not to be too much peſtered even with them. But this Indulgence is only tolerated while the Ship is in Port, and not under Sailing Orders.
 XII. His ( 201 )
 XII. eftablished Armourer's His Majefty having directed , by His Order in Council To bear the of the 3d of June, 1747, That, in Order to keep the Number of Arms on Board His Ships in conflant good Condition, Mas two Armourer's Mates be allowed to all Ships from Seventy Guns upwards, and one Armourer's Mate to all Ships under Seventy Guns, as far as Sloops of One Hundred Men inclufive ; and that they be appointed by the Ordnance - Board.
 . Every Commander is to pay Obedience thereto, according to the Relation it may have to the Ship or Sloop under his Command.
 XIII. the fame with new. Whenever any of His Majefty's Ships or Veffels are To expend the ordered to beVictualled for a certain Time, and the Pro- oldeft Provi- fionsfirst, vifions to be kept compleat till the Ship or Veffel fails, and replace her Commander is always to expend upon the oldeſt Proviſions on Board firſt, and to replace it with new from the Victualling Stores on Shore, keeping up the faid Provifions compleat, according to Orders ; and to do the fame by whatever Beer may be on Board
 .
 XIV. as muchW the Ship cas The Commiffioners of the Victualling being directed To applyfo to fupply all His Majefty's Ships, whether Victualled for ter Cafk as Channel or Foreign Service, with as much Water Cafk as their Captain ſhall demand, and to cauſe the fame to flow. be furniſhed in fuch fized Caſk as the Captains ſhall apply conveniently ( 202 ) Rules to be obfervedinthe Serving of apply for, either Butts, Puncheons, Hogſheads, or Barrels ; all Commanders are to have regard thereto, and to apply for fuch Quantity of Water- Caſk as they can conveniently ftow.
 XV. Every Commander is to take Care that all Freſh receiving and Meat, fupplied for the Uſe of his Company, be perFreshMeat. fectly good and wholeſome. And, in order to a juſt Diſtribution thereof, and for preventing any Occafion of Complaints on that Head, the fame is be ſent on Board in Quarters, which are to be cut up, and equally divided into the ufual Mefs Pieces, in fome convenient and publick Part of the Ship , open to the View of the Company, and under the particular Infpection and Supervifal of a Lieutenant, the Maſter, and a Mate, to be appointed by the Captain for that Purpoſe : And when the fame is boiled, it is to be delivered out in the customary Manner of Pricking fairly for it ; and no Quarters, or particular Pieces, to be referved, or picked for the Officers, or Petty-Officers, or any other Perfons ; or any Diftinction, Favour, or Partiality fhewn therein ; and the Names of the Lieutenant, Maſter, and Mate, who ſuperviſe the cutting up the faid Meat, are to be inferted in the Ship's Log- Book, that in caſe of any Complaint, it may be known who were the Superviſors
 . And whereas fome of the eldeft Purfers of the Royal Navy did fome Time fince preſent a Memorial in Behalf of themfelves and the Reft of their Brethen, repreſenting ( 203 ) repreſenting, that it had been their conftant Practice, as often as their refpective Ships were victualled with Freſh Meat, to boil fuch a Quantity of Greens and Roots with it as to give fufficient Satisfaction to the Men ; and that, to give them no Room to murmur on Account of the faving of Peaſe by boiling Freſh Meat they boil Peaſe for their Mondays Dinners, beſides their allowed Oatmel for Breakfafts ; and propofing, if the Greens and Roots furniſhed by them fhould not be judged fufficient for the Men, to increaſe the ſame to any Quantity that ſhould be preſcribed ; all Commanders are to take Care that their reſpective Purfers do comply with what is contained in the faid Memorial, by furniſhing a ſufficient Quantity of Roots and Greens to the Seamen, with their Freſh Meat ; or to repreſent to us, if they fail therein.
 XVI. obferved in Whenever any of His Majefty's Ships or Veffels are Rulesto be fupplied with Brandy, Rum, Malt Spirits, or other Relation to Spirituous Liquor, in Lieu of Beer, the fame is to be Spiritucus Liquors. fent on Board in Puncheons, Hogfheads, and QuaterCafks, fuch a Part of each as can be moſt conveniently ſtowed : But the Keeping as well as Iffuing the faid Liquors, being liable to dangerous Accidents, if proper Care be not taken ; for Prevention, therefore, of fuch Accidents, the Store Rooms for holding the faid Liquors, are to be fitted in the following Manner, when there is an Opportunity, and Room to do it ; and the other Methods hereafter mentioned are ( 204 ) are to be obferved in Iffuing or Starting the faid Liquors, to wit : The foremoft Bulkhead of the FiſhRoom to be removed Two or Three Feet aft, and a Bulkhead put up afore it, about Five or Six Feet Diftance, athwart the Hold, up to the Orlop, with Hatchets of Oak Plank, to be flush with the Orlop, to have fufficient Rabbit at the Ends and Sides, with proper Bars and Locks to fecure them; the Platform or Orlop over them, and the Bulkheads and Hatchets, to be lined and plaiſtered in the fame Manner as thoſe for the Powder-Rooms ; and the Seams of the Footwailing to be batton'd ; and a fmall Store- Room Lanthorn to be fixed a little below the Platform, near the Midſhip Part, either in the foremoſt or aftermoſt Bulkhead, with a ſmall Scuttle through the Platform, clear of the Bulkhead, and an incloſed Convenience under the Platform, to fecure Room to put the Candle into the Lanthorn, at fuch Time as the Hatchways do not afford fufficient Light to fee to fling the Cafks ; which when the faid Liquors are wanted , either to be iffued to the Ship's Company, or ftarted into fmaller Caſk, are to be hoisted on the upper Deck ; and, whilſt this is doing, proper Centinels are to be placed to prevent Candles being brought near the Hatchets while they are open, or near the Liquor while it is ferving, or ftarting on the Deck; neither of which is ever to be done but by Day- Light : All Commanders of His Majeſty's Ships and Veffels are hereby ftrictly required and directed to be very careful that the whole of the faid Methods be put in Execution, if the StoreRooms ( 205 ) Rooms can be fitted in the Manner aforementioned ; but if they cannot be fo fitted , all the other Precautions, of placing proper Centinels, not fuffering Candles to be carried near the Liquor, cauſing it always to be iffued and ſtarted upon the open Deck, and never fuffering either to be done but by Day-Light, are to be moſt punctually obferved.
 XVII. alwaysferved Water: And drinkDrams. And whereas it is of a very pernicious Confequence Spirituous to fuffer the Seamen to drink in Drams the Allow- Liquors to be ance made to them of any Kind of Spirituous Liquor mixedwith in Lieu of Beer ; and it having been found, by Expe- mene to be rience, that the ferving it mixed with Water is veryJufferedto conducive to the Prefervation of their Health ; every Commander is therefore ftrictly charged, never to fuffer any Kind of Spirituous Liquor to be iffued by itſelf, to the Company of the Ship or Veffel under his Command, but to cauſe the Allowance for all the Officers and Company, to be every Day mixed with a due Proportion of Water upon Deck, in the Prefence of the Lieutenant and Two other Officers of the Watch, who are to be ftrictly charged to take Care that the Men be not defrauded in their Allowance : And he is alfo to give ftrict charge to all his Officers, to be very careful, in their refpective Watches, to prevent Spirituous Liquors of any Kind being conveyed on Board the Ship, and to ufe all poffible Vigilance to prevent Drams being drank by any of the Ship's Company. Dd
 XVIII. Com- ( 206 ) be always where there are any.
 XVIII. Provifions to Commanders of Ships and Veffels ftationed in Parts procured of where a Contract ſhall be ſubſiſting with the CommifContractors, fioners of the Victualling, for furniſhing Provifions to His Majeſty's Ships, are ſtrictly charged to cauſe whatever Provifions they may have Occafion for, to be received from the Contractor or his Agent ; and to be particularly careful, that timely Notice be given to him, from Time to Time, of the Quantity wanted ; and never to procure Provifions in any other Manner, while the Contractor, or his Agent, fhall be able to fupply the fame; but Commanders of Ships or Veſſels, ShipsinAme- ftationed in the West Indies, or any Part of North America, are never to compleat their Provifions to more than Three Months for their Complement at whole Allowance, unleſs any particular Service they may be going upon fhall neceffarily require it ; nor are they, when they fhall return Home, to compleat to a larger Proportion than Three Months, for their Paffage; taking Notice, that they are to be accountable for any Lofs which may accrue to His Majefty, in cafe they fail punctually to comply herewith. rica never to compleat to more than Three Months. An Account received,
 XIX. The Want of timely Accounts being tranſmitted to of Provifions the Commiffioners of the Victualling, having occafioned returned, &c. frequent Miſtakes to the Prejudice of the Crown, in every Three the making out Purfers Balance Bills ; every ComMonthstothe mander of His Majeſty's Ships and Veffels is ftrictly to be Victualling Office. enjoined ( 207 ) enjoined to tranfmit to the faid Commiffioners, at the End of every Three Months, or as foon after as Opportunity fhall offer, an Account of all Provifions and Victualling Stores received, returned, lent, or caft by Survey, figned by himſelf, the Maſter, and the Purfer ; and to cauſe the faid Account to be entered in Two Books, and figned as above ; one to remain with himſelf, the other with the Purfer, to be produced on their paffing their reſpective Accounts ; and at the Bottom of each Account fo entered , Mention is to be made by what Conveyance the Original was fent to the Victualling Office
 . And all Commanders are to take Notice, that if any Miſtake fhall happen to the Prejudice of the Crown, from their failing to comply herewith, the fame is to be made good out of their Wages.
 XX. plications to and none to be tractors. Repreſentations having been made, that fome of His Timely ApMajefty's Ships and Veffels, which have gone on Foreign be made for Service, inſtead of being furniſhed with fuch Proportions Slop Cleaths; of each Species of Slop- Cloaths, as might be judged procured but needful for the Uſe of their reſpective Complements of fromtheConMen, having gone Abroad with few or none, which is not only a Breach of the General Printed Inſtructions under the Head of Slop- Cloaths, but to the great Diſadvantage and Diſcouragement of the Seamen ; and alfo to the great Prejudice of the Contractor, who is obliged always to have in have in Readineſs a fufficient Quantity to anfwer the Neceffities of the Dd 2 Seamen ; ( 208 ) To make proper AbateContract. Seamen; every Commander is therefore hereby ftrictly charged and required , not only to take Care to be ſupplied with ſufficient Quantities, from Time to Time, while the Ship or Veffel fhall be employed in Home Service ; but to take particular Care, whenever fhe fhall be fitted for, or ordered on, Foreign Service, timely to demand and receive on Board a proper Quantity of Slop- Cloaths for the Ufe of her Company for the Voyage on which the fhall be defigned. And in cafe they fall fhort, while Abroad, he is timely to demand a fresh Supply of the Contractors, or their Agent, and to acquaint the Navy- Board therewith ; and never to fuffer any to be purchaſed at any Place whatſoever, while they can be furniſhed by the faid Contractors, or their Agent; thereby to prevent, as far as poffible, the Neceffity of procuring them on worſe Terms to the Ship's Company, and to the Diſappointment and Prejudice of the Contractors. But frequent Complaints having been alfo made mentsfrom of the Badnefs of Slops furniſhed to His Majefty's SlopsSupplied inferior in Ships by the Contractors ; every Commander is ftrictly Goodness to enjoined, whenever any of thofe fupplied for the Ufe of his Ship's Company appear to be inferior in any Refpect to the Patterns, never to fail caufing proper Abatements to be made in the Prices, agreeable to the firft Article under the aforementioned Head in the General Printed Inftructions ; the being always ftrictly punctual therein, being the only Means of doing Juftice to the Men, and of caufing Care to be taken for fupplying them with Slops of due Goodneſs. When Slops, ( 209 ) ! Slops or Bedding come on Board, he is to fee if one Parcel thereof be marked with the Navy- Office Seal, as preſcribed by the firft Article of the aforefaid Inftructions ; and if there fhall be none, he is immediately to acquaint the Navy- Board therewith.
 XXI. Men to be Caths and Wages. of When any new- raiſed Men, either Voluntiers or New-raifed Preft, appear firſt on Board any of His Majefty's Ships fupplied with or Veffels, ( whether as Part of her Complement or Su- neceffary pernumeraries) Examination is to be made how they Bedding, not are furniſhed with Cloaths and Bedding ; and the exceding the Captain is to caufe fuch as fhall be in Want thereof Two Months to be forthwith fupplied, according to their ſeveral Neceflities, not exceeding in the Whole, to any Perfon, the Amount of Two Months Wages ; and to be cautious not to let the Preft Men have any Thing more than fhall be abfolutely neceffary to keep them clean, and protected againſt the Weather: And if any of the faid new- raifed Men fhall be received from any other Ship or Veffel, he is to fatisfy himſelf whether they have already been fupplied with Cloaths or Bedding, (which is to appear upon a Lift prefcribed in the next fucceeding Article, to be delivered with them) and if they have, he is not to fuffer more to be iffued to them, unless it will come within the afore- mentioned Amount of Two Months Wages ' till the fame can be done confiftent with the Third Article of the General Printed Inſtruction, under the Head of SlopCloaths. And every Commander is to take Care that ( 210 ) Lifts tobe Sent with Men borne for Victuals only, removed that the Slops and Bedding, fupplied to Voluntiers upon their coming into the Service, be fet off upon the Lifts to be ſent to the Navy-Board, for their Two Months Advance Wages.
 XXII. When any Men, raiſed for His Majefty's Service, and borne on Board a Ship or Veffel for Victuals only, are removed from her into any other Ship or Veffel, from one Ship a Lift, figned by the Commander, is to be fent with into another them, containing their Names, whether Voluntiers or Preft, and the Times of their being refpectfully entered for His Majefty's Service, from which Times they are to be borne for Wages upon the Books of any Ship or Veffel in which they fhall ferve as Part of her Complement ; and particular Care is to be taken, to ſet off upon ſuch Liſt the Value of all Slop- Cloaths or Bedding, that may have been fupplied to any of the Men contained therein, upon Pain of its being deducted from the Wages of any Commander who fhall fail to have the fame duly fet off: And the Commander of any Ship or Veffel, into which any fuch Men are removed, is to take Care that a Lift, agreeable to what is above preſcribed, be received with them ; and (whether he receives them as Supernumeraries, or as Part of his Complement) he is carefully to note on his Books, from what Ship or Veffel they came, the Times of their firſt Entry intothe Service, and of their Appearance on Board his Ship ; and to charge againſt their Names the Value of the Slops and ( 211 ) and Bedding fet off upon the faid Lift, and noting in what Ship or Veſſel the fame was iffued to them : And when his Books are delivered into the Navy Office, the faid Lift is to be delivered with them.
 XXIII. Be ding to Men removed from one Ship Whenever any Men (either Part of the Complement Chef and or Supernumeraries) are removed from one Ship or te jent Veffel to another, the Commander of the Ship or Veffel they are removed from, is to cauſe their Chefts, Bedding and Cloaths to be carefully fent with them ; and the Commander of the Ship or Veffel they are removed into is to cauſe Enquiry to be made of the Men, what Chefts, Bedding and Cloaths are belonging to them, and to take Care that the fame be brought on Board.
 XXIV. ceed to Sea Con plement, Order. Every Commander of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels Never toprois ftrictly enjoined (notwithſtanding any general Order with more for bearing Supernumeraries) never to proceed to Sea Men than the with more Men on Board than the allowed Comple- withoutparment, without a particular Order for fo doing from the ticular Admiralty or from a Flag Officer or Commander in Chief; in which is to be expreffed, that it is grounded upon Directions from the Admiralty : And he is to take Notice that he is to make good to the Crown all Charges arifing from the Wages and Victuals of any Men that he ſhall carry to Sea contrary hereunto, or that he ſhall at any Time bear irregularly.
 XXV. The ( 212 ) Rules to be obferved in Providing and RecruitXXV. The Mafter and Wardens of the Company of Apothecaries having frequently made Repreſentations of ing the Sur- the Proceedings of fomeof the Surgeons of His Magems Chefts. jefty's Ships, with Regard to the Providing and Recruiting their Chefts ; and it being of great Conſequence to the Lives of the Seamen, to have the utmoſt Care taken that the Medicines fhould be as good as poffible ; every Commander of His Majeſty's Ships and Veſſels is ſtrictly charged to take Care that the following Regulations (as well as all other Directions contained in the General Printed Inftructions relating to the Surgeons) be punctually complied with.
 . When a Surgeon is warranted to ſerve in any of His Majefty's Ships, he is immediately to provide himfelf with a Cheft of Medicines from the Company of Apothecaries, and with proper Inftruments, according to the Rules of the Navy; and preſent the fame to be viewed by the Phyficians in the Commiffion of Sick and Wounded ; or, if there be none, by the Phyfician of Greenwich Hoſpital, in Conjunction with the Governors of the Surgeons Company; who are to take Care, that all the Inftruments, Drugs, and Medicines, be of proper Goodneſs, and of the Sorts and Quantity required, and to give him a Certificate thereof; and when the Survey is over, the Cheft is to be locked , and the Seals of the Phyſicians and of the Surgeons Company to be affixed thereto, in fuch Manner as to prevent it's being afterwards opened, till it comes on Board ; ( 213 ) Board; nor is the Captain to admit any Cheft into the Ship, but what has been taken from the Company of Apothecaries, and having thoſe Marks upon it. At the End of every Six Months, if the Ship is in Great Britain, or as foon after as the returns hither, the Surgeon is to recruit his Cheft from the Apothecaries Company ; and he is alfo to do the like whenever the Ship is ordered upon Foreign Service : And he is not to be paid his Wages or Two pences without his producing a Certificate from the Mafter and Wardens of that Company, that he has taken his Medicines from them, or that they have no Objection to his being paid fuch Wages and Two- pences. If the Cheft fhall be recruited in London, the Remains of Medicines and Drugs therein, together with fuch as ſhall be added thereto, are to be furveyed in the Manner aforementioned ; but if recruited in the OutPorts, the Phyſician and Surgeon of the Sick and Hurt at the Port ; or if there is only one of thoſe Öfficers, he'and the Surgeon of the Yard are to make the Survey ; but if there fhould be neither of thofe Officers of the Sick and Hurt, the Surgeon of the Yard is to do it ſingly : and particular Care is to be taken to deſtroy all fuch Medicines or Drugs as may be found in the Cheft of infufficient Goodness.
 XXVI. To applyfor Proportion of It appearing by the Reports of Experiments made the established of Dr. James's Fever Powders on Board His Majefty's Dr. James's Ships, that it is a very efficacious Medicine for Fevers at Sea; and it having thereupon been E e 'Fever Pawcuring ders; anddithought gen to admi proper nifter them. ( 214 ) proper that the faid Powders ſhould be fupplied by the Commiffioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, to all His Majeſty's Ships and Veſſels put into Commiffion, in the following Proportion. Number of Papers for Six Months for One Hundred Men, and fo in Proportion for the Complement of a Ship or Sloop of War employed at the Places undermentioned. N° of Papers Channel. 25 Newfoundland, Lisbon, or Mediterranean. 50 Coaft of Africa, and the Weft Indies. 75 Their Commanders are accordingly to apply to the faid Commiffioners for a Number of Papers to be furniſhed for their Surgeons, agreeable to the faid Proportion : And proper Quantities of the faid Powders being directed to be lodged in the Hands of the Agents to the faid Commiffioners, both at Home and Abroad, for fupplying the Surgeons of His Majefty's Ships with what may be wanted, after their firft Fitting out, upon a Demand in Writing figned by the Captain ; and it being judged proper, that when fuch Demand fhall be made, the Surgeons fhall at the ſame Time tranſmit to the Commiffioners for Sick and Hurt, (if in Home-Service) or to their Agent, (if Abroad) a perfect and diftinct Account, verified by their Affidavit, of the Expenditure of the Powders they were before furniſhed with, together with the Name of each Perſon to whom they adminiſtered the fame, to fecure the Crown from any Fraud or Embezzlement, the Captain is to take Care, when the faid Demand ( 215 ) is made, that the Surgeon fends therewith fuch an Account and Affidavit as is above fpecified
 . And · the Captain is ftrictly charged to enjoin his Surgeon to adminifter the faid Powders in all Cafes for which it is recommended by Dr. James, and in the Manner adviſed by him, of which they are to be informed by the Commiffioners for Sick and Hurt ; and to fee, as far as he fhall be able, that the fame be complied with.
 XXVII. Elixir of Vitriol having been recommended by the College of Phyſicians as an efficacious Medicine in Scorbutick Cafes, and the fame being made a Part of the Invoice of the Surgeon's Sea Cheft ; the Captain is to order the Surgeon to obſerve ſuch printed Inftructions as will be given to them by the Commiffioners of the Sick and Hurt for their Guidance in the Practice and Care of it.
 XXVIII. To direct the Surgeontoobferve Inftructions relating Vitriol. to Elixir of HalfanHour Watch Whereas His Majefty's Ships are ordered to be fur- Ventilators niſhed with Ventilators, at a very great Expence, in tobe worked order to keep the Ships free from foul Air, and the in every Captains in the Navy, in general, not underſtanding the proper Ufe of them, they are hereby ftrictly required and directed to cauſe them to be made ufe of, at leaſt one Half Hour in every Watch ; and the Mate of the Watch to note in the Log- Book the Time of its being fo made ufe of. E e 2
 XXIX. When ( 216 ) Fifteen Shillings to be charged any
 XXIX. When the Surgeon of any of His Majefty's Ships or Veffels has cured any Petty Officer, Foremaft-man or against the Marine, of a Venereal Diſorder, the Surgeon is to acMancured quaint his Captain therewith, who is to examine the of a Venereal Perfon faid to be cured, and, finding the fame to be Fact, Diſorder. is to charge the Sum of Fifteen Shillings againſt his Name, in a Blank Column on the Ship's Books, which is to be abated from his Wages, for the Ufe of the Surgeon : And in cafe the Man cured is diſcharged by Ticket, the ſaid Sum is to be charged thereon, for the Surgeon's receiving certain Satisfaction, and preventing the Purchaſers of Tickets being defrauded by a Deduction on the Books, which did not appear upon the Tickets. To give Certificates to Surgeons and Surgeons Mates.
 XXX. The Principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majefty's Navy being directed to confider Surgeons, who have paſſed their Examination before the Governor and Company of Surgeons for a Sixth Rate, as qualified to ferve as Surgeons of any Rate ; and that when any Perfons have paffed an Examination, and are qualified to ferve in the Navy as Surgeons' Mates, they ſhould not require them to paſs a Second Examination ; and it being neceffary to His Majefty's Service, that the faid Principal Officers and Commiffioners of the Navy , fhould be always truly informed of the Characters of the Surgeons and Surgeons' Mates ferving in the Fleet, the Commanders of His Majeſty's ( 217 ) jefty's Ships and Veffels are to grant Certificates to the Surgeons, and Surgeons' Mates, who ferve under them, fetting forth therein their Characters and Experience in their Profeffion, ſo far as they can poffibly judge thereof; and to be careful in granting fuch. Certificates, that the faid Principal Officers of the Navy may not be impoſed on in preferring them in the Service of the Navy.-
 XXXI. of Inftrucions relating to Gratuities to the Relaflain; Whereas the Navy Board have reprefented, that Enforcing ther feveral Commanders of his Majeſty's Ships and Vef- Obfervation fels have been negligent in the Obfervation of the Eighth Article of that Chapter in their General Printed Inftructions, which relates to Gratuities to the Rela- tions of Merz tions of Officers and others flain in Fight, by omitting to fet down, at the End of their Mufter- Books an Account of the Officers and Men flain, and on what Occafion, as is by the faid Article directed ; by which Means the Relations, entitled to the Bounty are laid under Difficulties, when they make Application at the Navy- Office for the fame; all Commanders are hereby ftrictly required to obferve the Articles of the General Inftructions on that Head for the future. And they having propofed, for the greater Eafe of the faid Relations in obtaining the Bounty, that, when any Perfons are flain, or die of Wounds received in Fight, not only the proper Notation fhould be made on the Ship's- Books, but that the Surgeons or Surgeons' Mate and to fend the Navy- Office Certificates of Menflain. ( 218 ) Timely Demands tobe tranfmitted far Supplies of Stores; and tofend with them Accounts of Survey and Stares remaining. Stores never to be chafed with out abfolute Neceffity. Rope decayed Mate of the Ship, fhould fill up Certificates thereof as foon as poffible, expreffing therein the Nature of the Wounds ; and that the faid Certificates fhould be figned by Three or more of the Signing Officers of the Ship, whereof the Surgeon ( if living) or his Mate, to be One, and tranfmitted to their Office by the firſt ſafe Conveyance ; every Commander is to take Care that the fame be conſtantly done.
 XXXII. parAll Commanders of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels, when in Foreign Parts, are ftrictly charged to be ticularly careful to tranfmit timely Demands to the Navy- Board, and Board of Ordnance, of any Supplies of Naval or Ordnance Stores that may be wanting; and the better to enable thofe Boards to judge of the Neceffity for fuch Supplies, a regular Survey and Account of Stores then remaining for the Uſe of the Ships and Veffels, with their Condition, is conftantly to be tranfmitted with every fuch Demand. And all Commanders are hereby ftrictly charged never to purchaſe, or caufe to be purchaſed any Naval or Ordnance Stores, without an abfolute Neceffity for fo doing ; and to be very careful that the utmoft Frugality be uſed in the Expenditure, as well of the Ordnance Stores, as of all other Stores belonging to the Ship.
 XXXIII. Whenever there is any Expence of Runningin Channel Rigging on Board any of His Majefty's Ships in Home returned into or Channel Service, the Commander is to take Care Service to be Store. that ( 219 ) In Foreign that the decayed Rope be not expended, but returned into Store ; as otherwife the Boatfwain will not be allowed the Expence thereof ; And in ForeignVoyages, Voyagesnot to the Commander is alfo to be careful not to fuffer of the faid decayed Rope to be expended but by Survey.
 XXXIV. any be expended but by Survey. tual in fendMonths Whereas by the Fourteenth Article of the General To be puncPrinted Inftructions, under the Head of the Captain ing Two or Commander, he is directed to fend, once in every Books to the Two Months, Two compleat Mufter- Books to the Navy- Navy-Office. Office : In order to a punctual Compliance therewith, every Commander is hereby ftrictly required and directed to deliver the faid Books to the Clerk of the Cheque or Naval Officer, at any Port where the ſaid Ship or Veffel may be, when fuch Books ſhall be due, in order to his forwarding the fame to the NavyOffice ; or if the Ship or Veffel ſhall be ſtationed where there fhall be no Naval Officer, the Commander is not to fail tranſmitting the fame himſelf, by the very firft and ſafeſt Opportunities, to that Office ; taking Care, that by whomfoever he tranfmits them, he cauſes the fame to be very carefully fealed up ; and he is to take Notice that if he does not duly comply herewith, and any Accident fhould befal his other Books, fuch Neglect will determine this Board never to give him any Relief therein.
 XXXV. There ( 220 ) TobearWidows Men.
 XXXV. There being allowed by an Act of Parliament, to be conftantly borne upon the Books of every Ship of War in Sea- Pay; a Man in every Hundred Men that the Complement of fuch Ship fhall confift of; and Two Men in every Hundred, for fuch Time as the Number of Men employed in the Service of the Royal Navy fhall not exceed Twenty Thouſand : And it being enacted, That the Produce of the Wages of fuch Sea men, and Value of their Victuals, fhall be given and applied to the Relief of the Poor Widows of Commiffion and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, every Commander is to enter and bear upon the Books of the Ship or Veffel he Commands, as Part of her Complement, (till he receives Orders to the contrary ) fo many fictitious Names of Men, under the Appellation of Widows Men, with the Number of 1 , 2 , 3 , &c
 . annexed, as Two in every Hundred of her Complement fhall amount to ; obferving, if the Complement, or broken Number of the Complement, amounts to twenty-five or upwards, but lefs than Seventy- five, to allow one Name for fuch broken Number; but if it amounts to Seventy-five or more, than to allow Two for it. The faid Names are to be rated Able Seamen, and always muſtered for Wages (but not for Victuals) as if the Men were actually on Board ; and when Pay- Books fhall at any Time be made out for the Payment of the Ship , the faid Names are to be entered therein, as if real Seamen, with Able Seamens Pay, free from any Deduction whatſoever.
 XXXVI. Every 1 ( 221 )
 XXXVI. Account of and Qualities Every Commander of His Majeſty's Ships and Vef- To keep an fels is to keep an Account of his Obſervations of the the Condition Condition and Qualities of the Ship or Veffel he com- of the Ship. mands, according to the Scheme in Page 232 ; and before fhe is laid up he is to draw out a particular and exact Account of her Qualities, (in Concurrence with the Opinion of his Officers, according to the Sixty- firſt Article of the General Printed Inftructions) and to fend the fame in a clear and perfect Manner, according to the faid Scheme, to this Office, to the Navy- Board, and to the Mafter Shipwright of the Yard where the Ship is laid up ; taking Notice that no Certificate is to be given him from our Secretary, till he has depoſited the faid Account here.
 XXXVII. the Ship be paid off. When any Ship fhall be under Orders to be paid To take Care off the Commander is ftrictly to comply with the cleared, when Sixty-fourth Article of the General Inftructions, with ordered to be regard to clearing the Ship of her Stores and Provifions, and not abfenting himſelf, or fuffering her Officers or Men to be abfent, till the Ship fhall be wholly unrigged and cleared, and delivered ſo into the Charge of the Officers of the Yard, who are to give a Certificate of the fame being done, to be produced to the NavyBoard ; without which the Captain's Wages are not to be paid. Ff
 XXXVIII. In ( 222 ) Regulations relating to Pilots.
 XXXVIII. In order to give all reaſonable Encouragement to fo ufeful a Body of Men as Pilots, to improve themfelves in the Skill of Pilotage, and to take away all Objections or Diſlike in them to His Majefty's Service, the following Rules and Orders are to be obferved : The Commanders of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels are ftrictly charged to treat the Pilots with good Ufage, and in equal Reſpect with Warrant- Officers. The Purfer of the Ship is to provide Bedding for the Pilots, and to have always a ſet of Bedding on Board for that Purpoſe ; and the Captain is to order them to be fupplied with Hammacoes, and a convenient Berth to lie in near their Duty, and ſeparate from the common Men; which Bedding and Hammacoes fhall be returned to the Purfer and Boatfwain when the Pilots leave the Ship. A Pilot, conducting one of His Majeſty's Ships in Pilot Water, ſhall have the fole Charge and Command of the Ship , and may give Orders for fteering, fetting, or handing Sails, bracing the Yards, putting the Ship at Stays, or any other Acts that concern the navigating the Ship ; and the Captain is to take Care that all the proper Officers and Crew of the Ship do obey his Orders. But the Captain is diligently to obſerve the Conduct of the Pilot, and if he judges him to behave fo ill as to bring the Ship into Danger, he may remove him from the Command and Charges of A the ( 223 ) the Ship, and take fuch Meaſures for the Preſervation of her as fhall be judged neceffary, noting down upon the Log-Book the exact Hour and Time that the Pilot was removed from his Office, and the Reaſons for it. Captains of his Majefty's Ships employing Pilots in Foreign Parts of His Majefty's Dominions fhall, after Performance of the Service, give a Certificate thereof to the Pilot, upon producing which to the proper Naval Officer, he fhall caufe the fame to be immediately paid ; but if there be no Naval Officer there, the Captain of His Majefty's Ship fhall pay him, and fend the proper Vouchers, with his Bill, to the Navy- Board , in order to be paid as Bills of Exchange. Captains of His Majefty's Ships employing Foreign Pilots to carry the Ships they command, into or out of Foreign Ports, fhall pay them the Rates due by the Eſtabliſhment or Cuftom of the Country, before they Diſcharge them ; whofe Receipts being duly vouched, and fent with a Certificate of the Service performed, to the Navy- Board, they fhall cauſe the fame to be paid with the fame Exactneſs as they do Bills, of Exchange.
 XXXIX. recoveringthe Whereas it hath been repreſented by the Directors To aſſiſt in of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, and the Corpo- Dutiesfor ration of the Trinity-Houfe of Deptford-Strond, that Greenwich the Perfons employed by them have met with great TrinityDifficulties in recovering their Duties from Foreign Ff 2 · Ships Hofpital and Houſe. ( 224 ) To conform to an Eftabliſhment for a Uniform Cloathing, Ships and Veffels, eſpecially the Foreland Lights in the Downs, and other open Roads ; and that fometimes they have not been able to recover any Part thereof from Ships of Force ; for which Reaſon they have requested the Countenance and Affiftance of His Majefty's Ships and Veffels of War ; All Commanders are hereby required, as they have Opportunities for it, to afſiſt the Perſons employed at the feveral Ports on the Coaſt, on Account of the Hofpital and Trinity- Houfe in their Collecting and Recovering their aforefaid Duties from Ships of Foreign Nations ; but in the doing thereof they are to have a particular Regard not to give any juft Occafion of Complaint.
 XL. It having been judged neceffary, in order the better to diſtinguiſh the Rank of Sea-Öfficers, to eſtabliſh a Military Uniform Cloathing, for Admirals, Captains, and to caufe Commanders, and Lieutenants ; and that Perfons and Midhip, acting as Midshipmen fhould likewife have a Uniform men todoth Cloathing, in order to their carrying the Appearance his Officers like. which is neceſſary to diſtinguiſh their Clafs to be in the Rank of Gentlemen, and give them better Credit and Figure in executing the Commands of their Superior Officers ; Every Commander is hereby required and directed to conform himfelf to the faid Eftabliſhment, by wearing Cloathing accordingly at all proper Times; and to take Care that fuch of the aforefaid Officers and Midshipmen, who may be from Time to Time under his Command, do the like, and no Commiffion ( 225 ) miffion Officer, or Midshipman, is to prefume to wear any other Uniform than what properly belongs to his Rank ; Patterns of which, for each of the following Claffes of Officers, viz. Captains who have taken Poſt Three Years, and by His Majefty's Regulation rank as Colonels ; all other Poſt - Captains, who by the faid Regulation rank as Lieutenant-Colonels; Commanders not taking Poft ; and Lieutenants ; and likewife for Midshipmen ; are lodged at the Navy- Office, and with the Store-keeper of His Majeſty's Yard at Plymouth.
 XLI. is t'e King's Regulations in relation to the Rank be tween His Officers. The King having been pleaſed in confideration of the To obferve Inconveniencies arifing fromthe Want of an Eftabliſhment of Rank and Precedence between His Sea and Land Officers, as well as from the Want of a due Diftinction among the Sea Officers themſelves, to eſtabliſh, by His Seaand Land Order in Council of the 10th of February, 1747 , certain Regulationsafcertaining theRankandPrecedence between them ; all His Majefty's Sea Officers are hereby required to pay due Regard to the faid Regulations, contained in His Majefty's aforefaid Order in Council, as follows : AT the Court at St. James's, the 10th Day of (L. S.) February, 1747, PRESENT, The King's Moſt Excellent Majeſty in Council. WHEREAS the Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty have, by their Memorial of the 13th of November laft, repreſented to His Majeſty at this ( 226 ) this Board, that for Want of an Eſtabliſhment of Rank and Precedence between His Majefty's Sea and Land Officers, and likewife between the Sea Officers themſelves, great Inconveniencies had arifen both in the preſent and former Wars : And as ſeveral of the Flag- Officers, Captains, and Lieutenants, have made a Remonftrance upon this Head to the faid Lords Commiffioners, that they had taken the fame into their Confideration ; and being of Opinion, that if fuch an Eſtabliſhment was made, as fhould comprehend all the Sea Commiffion Officers, and ſettle their reſpective Ranks parallel with the Army, according to the Quality and Truft of the Pofts they' fhould ferve in, and fhould likewife aſcertain the' Diſtinction they have a Right to among themſelves, it would be a Means not only of animating them to ſupport the Dignity of their Rank in their reſpective Stations, but be likewife attended with many good Confequences to His Majefty's Service ; and particularly with regard to the preventing Difputes and Confufion when the Sea and Land Forces fhall happen to act together. And the faid Lords Commiffioners have thereupon humbly offered to His Majeſty's the following Propofals, viz. 1. " That the Admiral and Commander in Chief of His Majefty's Fleet have the Rank of a Field Marshal of the Army. II
 . That ( 227 ) İí. That the Admirals, with their Flags on the Main-Topmaſt-head, have Rank with Generals of Horfe and Foot. HI. That Vice-Admirals have Rank as LieutenantGenerals.
 IV. That Rear-Admirals have Rank as Major- Generals.
 V. That Commodores with Broad Pendants, have Rank as Brigadier- Generals.
 VI. That Captains Commanding Poft- Ships, after Three Years from the Date of their firft Commiffion for a Poſt-Ship, have Rank as Colonels.
 VII. That all other Captains, commanding Poſt- Ships , have Rank as Lieutenants- Colonels.
 VIII. That ( 228 )
 VIII. The Captains of His Majefty's Ships or Veffels, not taking Poft, have Rank as Majors.
 IX. That Lieutenants of His Majeſty's Ships have Rank as Captains.
 X. That the Rank and Precedence of Sea- Officers, in the Claffes above- mentioned, do take Place according to the Seniority of their reſpective Commiffions as Sea-Officers.
 XI. That Poft- Captains, Commanding in Ships or Veffels, that do not give Poft, rank only as Majors during their commanding fuch Veffels.
 XII. 聪 That nothing in this Regulation fhall give any Pretence to any Land- Officer to command any of His Majeſty's Squadrons or Ships ; nor to any Sea-Officer to command at Land ; nor fhall either have a Right to demand the Military Honours due to their reſpective Ranks, unlefs fuch Officers are upon actual Service. And ( 229 ) And whereas the Lords of the Committee of Council, to whom His Majefty referred the Confideration of the faid Propofals, have this Day reported to His Majefly at this Board, that they have no Objection to His Majefty's fignifying His Royal Approbation thereof ; -His Majefty in Council is therefore hereby pleaſed to declare His Approbation of the aforefaid Propoſals, and to order that the faid Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty do cauſe the fame to be carried into Execution. W. Sharpe. Go Whereas ( 230 ) Whereas we have fet on Shore the Perfon undermentioned, we defire that Care may be taken for Quarters and Cure this Day of 17 Nº on Entry on the Ship's the Ship's Names. Quality. Quality of the Book
 . Book. Difcafe or Hurt. To the Commiffioners appointed to take Care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or their Agent, at ( 231 ) Oned belonging to His Majeſty's the for him according to the Methods of the Navy.. Dated Received on Board to the Value of, in Wages. Slops furnished by Beds. Dead Cloaths. Tobacco. Neglect
 . Captain. Lieutenant. Maſter. Boatswain. Purfer. Surgeon.. 1 He Het the fame Differenc as fhe is able to bear fail Quer ad. { 3d. 4th. T 5th. H 6th. W 7th. { 8th. { 9th. W 10th. I
 . P al 1 OCT 4- 1928
