Regulations respecting the formation of Quarter-Bills and Lists for Watches on board the Ships of the United States. 
I. THE Crew being completed and embarked on board a ship or vessel of the United States, the Commander will order the Quarter-Bill to be made out, agreeably to the annexed model, varying it according to the number of his Officers and Crew, and cause the same to be hung up in a public part of the ship. 
II. When there shall be more officers on 'board than are necessary, the surplus will be employed in quality of supernumeraries in the Batteries, and at such posts as the Commander shall assign to them. 
III. The officers of marines will be divided among the posts assigned to the musketry. One will be destined to command those on the poop or quarter-deck. In cases where the commander shall judge it proper to employ a part of the soldiers or marines, in the batteries, he will employ with them a part of their officers, and attach them to the service of a certain number of Cannon, under the order of the officers who command the said batteries. 
IV. The commander will endeavour during the entering of the crew, to know the men, and will cause an account to be rendered to him by the entering and other officers of those who shew the most zeal and intelligence, and immediately after the general review and inspection of the crew, will in presence of some one of the commissioned officers interrogate each man upon the number of campaigns or voyages which he may have made, upon the engagements in which he has been present, upon the posts which he occupied in these engagements, whether in manouvring or at the batteries ; and will neglect no means to ascertain what post each is fittest for, after which he will proceed to the formation of the quarter-bill. 
V. The best seamen will be selected, and placed as commandants of guns and at the rigging ; the officers and men destined to the braces, rigging, pumps, &c. as well as the marines, may be detached and sent from place to place according to circumstances, or as occasion may require during an action: the marines will always parade on the poop or quarter-deck when the drum beats to quarters, at the same time every other man will run to his station. 
VI. Having completed the quarter-bill, the commander will proceed to form that for boarding, taking care to chuse for this service such men as are most robust and courageous, without however comprehending in it all the best men of the crew, in order that the ship may not be unprepared to sustain a new action against a vessel which may have kept herself disengaged ; for that reason the boarders should be taken from the several posts without weakening one more than another if conveniently to be done. 
VII. The lists for the watches at sea, will be formed after the quarter-bill is made out as aforesaid. 
VIII. The mess-lists of the crew formed during arming the vessel, will be re-adjusted after the quarter-bill shall be decreed, and they shall be arranged, as far as possible, in such a manner, that sailors destined for the same post, or who in action serve the same cannon, shall eat together, at least at the same post, 
or as near as convenient. 
IX. The quarter-bill, boarding-list, watch-list and mess-lists will be hung up in some conspicuous part of the vessel. 
Regulations respecting the discipline of the crews of the ships or vessels of the United States. 
I. Each officer of a frigate or other vessel will be charged with the police and discipline of that part of the crew placed under his immediate orders in the day of action, agreeably to the quarter-bill and regulations. 
II. The officer commanding on each battery will be charged with the discipline of the cannoneers and sailors employed in his division. 
III. Where there are volunteer on board of a ship, they will be distributed by the commander of the vessel among the divisions established by the preceding articles: each of the said volunteers will be placed under the orders of the officer who will command the division to which he will be attached, and will be employed there in the different functionss relative to the discipline. 
IV. Every commandant of a cannon will have authority over the people attached to serve the said cannon, and will render an account to the officer of his division, and the quarter gunner. 
V. When the divisions shall have been once formed and a quarter-bill made out, it will be changed as little as possible during the rest of the voyage or expedition. 
VI. When there shall be men wanting to any cannon, &c. they will be replaced from the marines, Corps de reserve, or otherwise. 
VII. In every order given to one ship to furnish men to another, the commander who gives the order, will specify the numbers which are wanted, as well for each cannon, as for the manoeuvres of the ship. 
VIII. The officer of the watch will cause to be marked on the log-book all remarkable events, as well as the state of the sick and the names of those who have died. 
IX. The captain shall cause an examination every monday at 10 o' dock (or next day if the weather will not permit) of the cloathing and necessaries of his people; and those who have sold, or lost any through negligence, shall be punished according
to the circumstances of the case. 
X. The commander will watch over and cause the officers attached to divisions to see that the cloathing of the men of each respective division, be mended and kept in constant repair; he will examine therefore every thing minutely and in detail, and where any article is wanted, he will call upon the proper person to have it supplied. 
XI. The officers will in like manner see that the people of their respective division, keep their persons neat, that they comb their hair every day, that they often wash their feet, that they change their shirts once a week, and that their linen and hammocks are washed at every port, and as often as necessary. 
XII. The officers will visit frequently their different posts, and be vigilant in keeping every thing in proper order. 
XIII. Each officer attached to a division, will watch over the conduct of the people of his division, and will render an account thereof, to the officer who commands it. 
XIV. Each officer will render a like account each day to the officer commanding the division of the state of health of the people of his division, and when any of them appears sick will immediately inform the said officer thereof, who will cause the sick person to be visited forthwith by the surgeon. 
XV. The officer of a division will visit or cause to be visitcd every day the sick of his division, and the latter will take care that the effects of the sick are not carried away, and will have them collected in case of death, and disposed of as the captain may direct agreeably to regulations. 
XVI. The officer commanding a division, and the officer second in command in said division will be always present at the inventory of the cloathing and effects of the dead of his division, and the officer will sign the said inventory. 
XVII. The said commandant of a division will see that the linen and cloathing of the deceased be washed in cases where they ought to be preserved to be remitted to their families otherwise. 
XVIII. When any men of a division are pmnitted to go on shore to walk, wash their linen, or clothes, the commandant will send with them an officer to watch over their conduct. 
Regulations respecting the order and cleanliness to be maintained on board ships or vessels of war of the United States. 
I. No person shall lie upon the Orlop without leave of the Captain, or go among the Cables, or into the store-rooms, with candles, but by his authority and when the service requires it ; and with the candle in a lanthorn. 
II. Care is to be taken every night by the officer commanding the Watch, on setting it, that all fire and candles be extinguished in the cook-room, hold, steward's room, cockpit, and every where between decks. Candles are not to be permitted to be burnt in any other part of the ship, but in lanthorns, and then only by authority from the captain. 
III. The decks, &c. will be washed as often as the captain may deem necessary, and the apartments of the crew, and particularly where the sick are lodged, will be fumigated once a day or oftener, according to circumstances or the nature of the disease on board if any. If practicable, the hold and interior part of the vessel will be washed two or three times over with strong lime-water, to destroy infects and noxious particles that may have adhered to the wood, or the effluvia occasioned by men or animals. 
IV. When the decks are well cleaned, the second officer of the watch will give notice to the officer of the watch. 
V. Those who have the care of the sick will preserve the greatest neatness, at their respective posts : they will make the beds morning and evening ; they will be assisted every day by such hands as may be deemed necessary, who will be charged to empty the buckets and tubs of the sick, the contents of which must not be suffered to remain either in the day or night. 
VI. The Surgeons will be careful and vigilant about the sick; they will take care not to suffer the sick to remain too long in bed; when moderate exercise and the open air may contribute to dissipate that species of indolence reckoned amongst the first symptoms of scorbutic affections. 
VII. There will be embarked rice, malt, pearl barley, tapioca, &c. for the different soups and panadas which in general agree better with the sick: at sea than animal nourishment. There will be embarked also, for the convalesecent, a certain number of sheep, with carrots, onions and mustard, the use of which latter is particularly recommended. 
VIII. There will be embarked also for the use of the sick, besides the medicines, vinegar, brandy, loaf-sugar, and lime or lemon-Juice. The Surgeon as often as any of the aforesaid articles shall be wanted for the use of the sick, will make out a list of the quantities ; which when countersigncd by the Captain or Commandant, and addressed to the person having the keeping of them, is to be delivered to the said Surgeon or his order.
IX. The person charged with the keeping of Those articles, will furnish the surgeon with an account or inventory of them, in order that he may know the consumption which he may make as relative to their quantity and the duration of the voyage. 
x. The surgeon will mention the quantity consumed in the same register in which he exhibits the number of sick, their diseases, and the remedies employed. 
XI. The surgeon's mates will assist at the distribution of the refreshments, which is always to be made in presence of an officer, who will see that they are given in conformity to the prescriptions of the surgeon. 
XII. All the hammocks of the crew will be folded in the same manner in their whole length in form of a portmanteau to facilitate their arrangement ; and the hammock of each man will be designated by numbers. 
XIII. The messing place for each mess will be designated at the commencement of the voyage, and Will not be changed during the same but by order of the captain. After eating, the mess places will be swept clean by Those who occupied them. An officer And assistant will go the rounds to ascertain whether every mess place has been cleaned with care : Those who have been negligent will be punished. 
XIV. There will be placed near to each Cat-head a large tub, in which the sailors may wash their linen with sweet water, as often as the nature of the voyage and quantity of water embarked will admit. The captain will give orders to collect rain-water for this purpose. these same Tubs may also be used as baths in hot weather. 
xv. The Hen-coops will be placed on the gangway of the vessel and poop. If these places are not sufficient they shall be fixed elsewhere, but in no case between decks. 
XVI. There will be two Tubs placed or fixed on the Fore-castle, containing nearly half a barrel, destined to facilitate to each sailor, marine or person composing the crew the means of rinsing their mouth each morning with water and vinegar. 
XVII. The surgeon will examine every fifteen days, and oftener if necessary, the mouths of the crew, in order to discover by their gums, whether any disease is approaching which it is possible to prevent. these visits will be made upon deck in the presence of the officer second in command. 
XVIII. Care is to be taken to prevent any of the crew who have been wet during their watch from lying down previous to their having put on dry cloathe. And the officers of watches and divisions will be responsible that it shall not be permitted. Candles in lanthorns may be used between decks to facilitate the execution of this order which the officer who quits the watch is particularly charged to see carried into effect. 
XIX. All the men of the crew will be shaved at least once a week. 
xx. No dead animal or other substance susceptible of prompt putrefaction will be suffered to remain in the hold or any other part of the interior of the vessel. 
XXI. The sea water in the Tubs or Buckets for the Cannon will not be permitted to remain from day to day, being subject to sudden putrefaction, and to emit especially in summer, a very hurtful vapour. 
XXII. In northern voyages the President will cause to be embarked a certain number of Watch-Coats, Boots and woollen Gloves ; one of the said Watch-coats to serve for two sailors, being destined particularly for those on watch. 
XXIII. The Crew will be composed as much as possible of men healthy, robust and well organized. No scorbutic or consumptively effected subjects to be received. 
XXIV. The good quality of the Aliments or Drinks being one of the means most efficacious to maintain the Crew in health, the commanders of vessels are enjoined and charged to see that the provisions, Wine and Water be preserved in a manner to suffer the least possible alteration during the longest voyages. 
xxv. The Barrels containing the Sour-krout will be kept in an airy place to prevent fermentation. 
XXVI. When the Water-casks are sufficiently tight or soaked, they will be filled with fresh water, and a certain quantity of quick-lime put into each of them: The Casks are to be left in this state for five or six days, when they are to be emptied, twice rinsed, and then filled with the water destined for the voyage after which a few pounds of old iron, and three ounces of quick-lime, may be put into each cask. Its outside may then be painted and the bung-hole covered with a piece of canvass, leather, &c. 
Regulations respecting the treatment of Officers at Sea. 
I. The commanders of ships and other vesels will not in any case, lay in other, or a greater quantity of stores, then shall be necessary to their state and situation. They will see that the officer under their orders observe the same rule. 
II. The intention of the President being to furnish from he ship's provisions, but one ration only to each officer, and all others embarked in ships or vessels of the United States, he accords in consequence to the officers permission to embark, for their particular wants, half a ton each for a six months voyage, and in that proportion for a less time : In this half ton will be comprehended Wine, Flour, Salt-provisions and other eatables susceptible of being placed in the Hold in the proportion which they are wanted for the Table. The captain's private Store-room is reserved solely for his use notwithstanding. 
III. Such articles of Furniture as may be provided by the United States, for the captains, are to be remitted to the Magazines at the end of each voyage (when the vessel is to be laid up) in whatever state they may be. The commanders of ships or vessels of war, will be obliged to pay the value of Those which are not returned. 
IV. There will be furnished to the commissioned officers a Table to eat at and Seats. They will be held as aforesaid to render them at the termination of each voyage, in the state Which they are in, or to pay the value of such as shall not be remitted to the Magazine on disarming the vessel. 
v. The senior officer, at the officers table, will see that politeness and decency be preserved ; he will also pay particular attention to prevent any sort of gaming. 
VI. The Captain will regulate, according to the circumstances of peace or war, or situation in which the vessel may be, the hour at which the table of the officers shall be served, as well morning as evening. The President authorizes the Captain to suppress, in time of war, one of the repasts, and to order but one warm meal in cases where they may judge it proper, and to have the fires extinguished before night. 
VII. The officers will regulate their account every month with the Purser, who will pass only such as are certified by the Captain. The Purser will furnish them at the end of each voyage a certificate of their rations or parts of rations which they may not have received or drawn, which will be allowed them in the settlement of their account. The President expressly forbids any provisions or stores of any kind to be landed on any account or under any pretext whatever, except as hereafter provided. 
VIII. In voyages or campaigns of six months the Captain and officers may be advanced two months pay respectively, and one month's pay for voyages of less duration. these advances shall be maee to the Captain, or Purser, or Pay-Master, who will be responsible for paying the same to the officers of the vessel. He will take receipts for his exoneration from the several officers which must be produced and lodged with the Accountant of the Department of War on the settlement of his accounts at the end of every voyage.  
IX. In case any officer should die before having remunerated the public by his services for the pay advanced him, the balance unsatisfied lhall be paid out of the sale of his effects. 
Regulations respecting the duties of Officers at Sea. 
I. Every officer commanding a Ship of the United States shall divide the details of the service on board his vessel between the commissioned and other officers agreeably to the quarter bill and service most familiar to our nation. The President permits the commanders of ships or vessels of war to make such changes in the distribution of the different details in the quarter bill, boarding list, and mess lists, as they may judge necessary for the good of the service, but they will be responsible for any departure from the lists as first made out, and are required to render a duplicate of each list to the Secretary for the Department of War previous to their sailing ; and should they order any alterations, they will on their return state the motives which have determined them to make the same. 
II. That all naval armaments may be made With order and diligence he will regulate With the officers of the different details, the labour to be done, to the end that each may know what he has to do ; he will render an account thereof to the Secretary for the Department of War, and will keep an exact journal thereof to serve him in case of need. 
III. He will inform himself of the good or bad qualities of his vessel, how she has sailed and worked in preceding voyages, he will consult for that purpose the Journal or report of her former Captain or Captains lodged with the Secretary for the Department of War, of which he will take a copy ; and if the vessel is new he will take the information of the constructor, upon the quantity and arrangement of the Ballast:, upon her storage and draught of water in Ballast and loaded ; and will embrace all proper opportunities at sea, by various experiments, to discover the true character of his ship and the best project of Ballast and Stowage.
IV. He will give the project for her Stowage to the second officer in command who will see it executed by the master or other person without permitting himself to make any change therein. The officers charged with different details, will be present at the stowing or arrangement of the articles particularly confided to their care.
V. He will furnish himself with Inventories of all the Stores and Provisions committed to the charge of his officers respectively. 
VI. He will visit himself, accompanied by two officers of his vessel, and the Purser, all Stores and provisions embarked for the subsistence of his Crew. He will admit none of any kind on board which are not of a good quality ; he will cause his Clerk to take an account of all Stores and provisions received on board, and when received, and will transmit a Duplicate certified to the Secretary for the Department of War. 
VII. He will cause, on arming, an inventory of all Military Stores and Ammunitions, including Arms and Cannon, to be certified by the officer of the Magazine from which they are drawn, and by the officer who receives them and is charged with their keeping and detail, that he may be certain that the vessel is not made accountable for more than it receives. He will also examine whether the articles are of good quality and that they are stowed and arranged each in their proper place. 
VIII. He will besides, and before leaving port or putting to sea, visit all the interior and exterior parts of the vessel, to assure himself that every thing is in good order, and placed according to the regulations. 
IX. He will keep Counter-books of the ship's Stores and Provisions whereby to know the state and condition of the same, and will audit the accounts of the officers entrusted with the detail once a month, in order to be a check upon them. 
x. He will not permit any man to be entered or remain on the muster-book or Pay-list who is not fit for service. 
XI. He will keep a regular muster-book, exhibiting the name of all persons entered to serve on board, with all characteristic circumstances relating to them. 
XII. He will be present at all musters and make the same remarks on his book against the men's names, as the officer particularly charged to muster them. 
XIII. He will send every two months, having opportunity, two muster-books complete to the Accountant of the War Department signed by himself and the Pay-master to the Crew. 
XIV. He will make a list of such officers, marines and seamen as have deserted, and insert the same at the end of the Muster books, distinguishing the time, and by what opportunity or means they made their escape. 
xv. If the desertion happens in any port of the United States, he will send to the Secretary for the Department of War their names, description, places of abode, and circumstances relative to their escape. 
XVI. He will make out tickets for all such seamen as shall be discharged from his books ; these must be signed by himself, the master and Purser.  
XVII. If the ship be in the United States, he will every month send to the Secretary for the Department of War a list of all men discharged in the preceding month, with the reasons therefor. He will not discharge any man but for one of the following reason , viz,-His time of service having expired, preferment in some other ship of the United States, unfitness for service, or in consequence of an order of the Commodore when in squadron, or the order of the President, signified by the Secretary for the Department of War. He will in all cases express the cause upon the ticket for the discharge. 
XVIII. He will not suffer the ship's Stores to be misapplied or wasted, and if any loss happens at any time by negligence or wilfulness of any of the ship's company, he will charge the value thereof against the wages of the offender on the muster and Pay-books.
XIX. He will keep Centinels constantly posted, leading into all the Store-rooms, and no person will be permitted to pass but by leave of the Captain or commanding officer of the Watch ; which leave must be signified to the Centinel from the quarter-deck. 
xx. He will take care in cutting up the Beef that choice pieces be never purposely selected for the officers from that whih is cut up for the ship's company: And that choice pieces of salt Meat be never taken for the officers out of the Tub or Vessel from which it may be served to the ship's company. 
XXI. He shall take care that the officcrs do not select casks of the best Wine or Spirits for their own use from Those intended for the ship's company, nor exchange any Wine or Spirits of their own for that which has been sent on board for the use of the ship. 
XXII. He will strictly enjoin the Surgeon not to take out of the ship any part of the Medicines or necessaries intended for the use of the sick, but strictly apply them to the purposes for which they were sent on board. 
XXIII. He will cause the Articles of War to be read to the different divisions of the Crew at least once in every month, and the officers of the several divisions to be particularly attentiVe to the conduct of the men under their command. He will be ready, on the first appearance of mutiny, to use the most vigorous means to suppress it and to bring the Ringleaders to punishment. 
XXIV. He will observe favourable times in setting up his Shrouds and other Rigging, especially when they are new, and will favour the Masts as much as possible. 
XXV. He will cause such Stores as require it, to be frequently surveyed and aired, and their defects repaired ; and the Store rooms to be kept airy and in good condition, and secured against rats. 
XXVI. He will permit every officer to possess his proper Cabbin, and will make no variation therein. 
XXVII. Such as smoke Tobacco will take it in the Forecastle and in no other place without special permission from the Captain. 
XXVIII. He will not suffer any person to suttle or sell any sort of Liquors to the ship's company, nor any debts for the same to be inserted in the Slop-book on any pretence whatever. 
XXIX. If any officer is absent from duty when the ship is under sailing orders, he will send his name to the Secretary for the Department of War with the cause of his absence. 
XXX. He will not carry any women to sea, nor entertain any foreigners to serve in tht ship who are officer or gentlemen without orders from the President signified by the Secretary for the Department of War. 
XXXI. When he is to sail from port to port in time of War, or appearance thereof, he will give notice to Merchantmen bound his way, and take them under his care if they are ready. 
XXXII. He will not obstruct Custom-house officer in coming on board, or in any part of their duty. 
XXXIII. In foreign parts he will use the utmost economy should it bec~me abfolutely necessary to heave down his vessel or make any repairs ; he will not hire Master-Shipwrights to supervise the work, when it can be done by the Carpenters. 
XXXIV. None are to be employed in careening and refitting the ship but the ship's company unless sickness or death hath rendered it necessary to hire others. 
XXXV. He will take care that all Stores brought on board are delivered to the proper officers, and to take their receipts for the same.
XXXVI. When any officer who has the custody of Stores or Provisions, shall die, be removed or suspended, he will cause an exact Survey and Inventory to be taken forthwith, of the remains of such Stores, which is to be signed by his successor, who will keep a Duplicate thereof, and by the removed or suspended officers. 
XXXVII. He will take care on his removal from the ship to shew the originals of all such orders as have been sent to him, and remain unexecuted, to his successor, and leave with him attested copies of the same. 
XXXVIII. He will leave with his successor a complete muster-book, and send up all the other books and accounts under his chargs, to the offices they respectively relate to. 
XXXIX. He will be answerable for the faults of his Clerk; and to make good all damages occasioned by his neglect or irregularity. 
XL. He will before leaving port make a general review of his Crew, man by man ; and in the said review will ascertain that each sailor has proper cloathing. He will order that each Hammock of the Crew be marked as aforesaid. 
XLI. He will embark no passenger without an order from the President, signified by the Secretary of War, or in Foreign countries without an order in writing from a Minister of the United States, or Consul of the United States in countries where the United States do not maintain a Minister. When a passenger is received he will cause his name and quality to be inscribed in the Register of the Crew. 
XLII. The President expressly forbids the Captain to receive on board any Merchandize, unless the same has been permitted by superior orders, he forbids him also to meddle, directly or indirectly, in any commerce, or to suffer any officer or person on board to meddle therein under pain of heavy cenfure and loss of commission. 
XLIII. The Commander and second in command of a ship of war, when in any port of the United States, shall not lie out of the ship at the same time. It is in like manner prohibited to the Captain in Foreign ports, where the ship is exposed to attack from an enemy or otherwise exposed to injury, to pass the night on shore, or on board any other vessel, except in cases of necessity which he will be held to make appear to the Secretary for the Department of War. 
XLIV. There shall be always two-thirds of his Crew for the time being on board; he will permit each day but a part of his officers, volunteers, or other persons to go on shore, but no officer, volunteer, or other person composing his Crew shall sleep on shore without his permission. 
XL. He will not give a discharge to any of his Crew, under any pretext whatever, in the course of a voyage, on arriving at a Foreign port, or meeting a vessel at sea. 
XLVI. He will upon no account neglect to form, before his setting sail, his quarter-bill Boarding and Watch-lists ; to transmit duplicates of the same to the Secretary for the Department of War. There will be allowed for this purpose and to make the proper dispositions three days, aftr the review and inspection of the Crew, which shall be ordered by the Secretary for the Department of War, and should any circumstance which cannot be foreseen, render it necessary to shorten that term, he wili receive a special order accordingly from the Secretary for the Department of War,or the officer commanding the squadron to which he belongs.
XLVII. He will take care that there shall be nothing brought on board except those things necessary to the general equipment of the vessel, and the indispensible use of the persons embarked. 
XLVIII. He will pay attention to and maintain the strictet subordination among the officers and among the people of the Crew. He will not suffer any boat to leave the vessel unless there be a trusty person or officer on board who will be responsible for its Crew and their behaviour on shore. 
LXIX. He will cause to be embarked each evening at sun-set, or immedately after, all the small Boats, except such as may be judged useful during the night for any private service; and will send his Long-boat to be moored at such place as he shall think proper ; he will keep in a convenient place a small Boat to succour any one who may fall overboard ; and be always prepared to meet bad weather.
L. When moored in a port or road he will neither relieve guard nor beat the morning or evening drums 'till it has commenced in the ship whose Captain commands him. He will observe the same rule in hoisting or lowering the Flag on the Poop, or in getting the Top-gallant Yards across and in striking them. 
LI. When in a Foreign post or road, he will neither go on shore nor send his Boat without the permission of the Commandant. 
LII. The President expressly forbids him to write any news concerning his voyage or command, or the operations of the squadron of which his vessel may make a part, to any other than the Secretary for the Department of War ; or to send letters on shore in any Foreign port or place, or to vessels which he may meet at Sea without the particular permission of the Commandant of the squuadron ; or a permission previously obtained from the Secretary for the Department of War, and he will be attentive that his officers and the people of his crew do not contravene this prohibition. The President forbids and prohibits in like manner his sending on board vessels which he may meet at sea, or to speak them without the permission of the Commandant of the Squadron, or Secretary for the Department of War obtained as aforesaid. 
LIII. He will prevent the person having charge of the Provisions and Stores to be ill-treated, in fact or by words, by any officer whatever or any of the Crew. 
LIV. He vill watch over the cleanliness of the vessel, the provisions and nourishment of the Crew , the preservation of the seamen, the repair of their cloathing, and whatever may contribute to the salubrity of the vessel, and health and good appearance of the Crew.
LV. When he shall be in squadron, or on a station where he is commanded by a senior Captain, or in any port or harbour of the United States, he will send, every fifteen days, to the Commandant of the squadron, a Duplicate of the situation of his vessel signed by himself; when out of squadron, and in a Port of the United States, will send one to the Secretary for the Department of War, in order to make known the position of his vessel and what orders may be necessary to address to him. 
LVI. To prevent unexactitude and uncertainty in accounts, the officers charged with the different details and particular care of the effects, Provisions and war-like Stores on board, the intention and orders of the President is, that each officer of detail, and the officer next under them, as well as the person particularly charged with the Provisions, be responsible for the truth of the accounts which they shall respectively render, and that they certify them in writing under pain of exemplary punishment. 
LVII. In all anchoring places he will sound before casting anchor, to ascertain the depth of the water and quality of the bottom. In roads with which he ia unacquainted, he will sound by his Boats three Cables length round his vessel ; and will avail himself of all nautical information which he can procure, and insert the same in his Journal. 
LVIII. Everytime he navigate, within sight of land he will ascertain the depth of the water and when he is in at least thirty fathom water, he will place in his main chain wales, two men to sound with a line in their hand, and each will cry alternately with a loud voice, the number of fathom or feet of water which he will find. He will pay the same attention, and in a more particular manner, when he enters into ports or roads. 
LIX. He will take the bearing, &c. of the points of capes, rocks, passages, batteries, forts, and their distance from anchoring ground; he will lay down plans of roads little known or frequented, and will report their foundings at low water. 
LX. He will make no useless consumption of powder, but only for signals and the salutes ordered by the President conformably to his instructions, and for the exercise of the cannon and marines. 
LXI. When the Captain of a vessel shall have returned into a port where he is to disaam, he will not quit his vessel or remove to a distance from it 'till the disarming has been completed, under pain of being suspended three months from his command unless by a particular order, or unless he has been charged himself to carry dispatches for government. 
LXII. During the time of disarming, he will observe and cause to be arranged in their proper places, all the utensils, rigging, &c. in the Magazine allotted to receive them. He will assist in Visiting the effects intended to be preserved, or refused as unfit for further use. He will be responsible that the officers under his orders follow with attention all the labours of disarming, which will be always performed by the people of his Crew. 
LXIII. He will see that the Firelocks and other arms be well cleaned before their removal to the public Store or Magazine. He will require them to be visited by the Superintendant of military Stores or Keeper of the public Arms, who will report their state to the Secretary for the Department of War, and take his orders for the reparation of such as may want it. 
LXIV. The Captain will remit to the Secretary for the Department of War, on his return from any voyage or expedition, a plan or estimate of such repairs as may be necessary for his vessel. Provisions or military articles as may be wanted. In such case he will direct the Purser to assist in the purchase, and judge of the quality of the articles and to reject or receive them. The said officer shall also call in to his assistance the officer charged with the detail of the articles wanted. In Foreign ports where the United States have a Consul, he will consult the same and make no purchases without his advice. In all such cases he will draw bills on the Secretary for the Department of War, for the amount of the Provisions or articles purchased, and will take care to negociate his bill at the best exchange, and advise the Secretary of War of the bills he draws, with the reasons therefor, and send with said bills duplicates for his accounts and vouchers for his disbursements and payments, witnessed by four officers. 
LXVI. He will be careful that all Stores bought abroad be delivered to the proper officers and will take from them duplicate receipts for the same, one of which he will transmit to the Secretary for the Department of War. 
LXVII. On his return into port he will render to the Secretary for the Department of War a report of the different events of the campaign, the conduct he has obfened under the different circumstances in which he has found himself, and the manner in which he has fulfilled his instructions. 
LXVIII. As soon as a vessel of the Unitcd States shall have set sail, the commander will see that his officers dischar&e their respective duties with the greatest vjgilance and exactness. 
LXIX. He will make no useless sojourn in any port or place, but will depart thence as soon as the weather will permit to carry into effect the orders of the President. 
LXX: He will order always himself the manoeuvres, whether entering or going out of a Foreign road or port, in a gale of wind, during an action, and generally on all important occasions. 
LXXI. He will cause an account to be rendered to him every morning, as well at sea as in port, of the night watches and guards by the officers having charge of them. He will inspect the Log-book to see that it is kept conformable to the model prescribed ; he will interrogate each officer in chief of each watch, respecting the route of the ship and the way which she has made, or that he supposes she has made. 
LXXII. The officers, midshipmen, &c. embarked on board his vessel will present to him their Journals on the first day in each week, for his examination and that he may ascertain whether they are kept conformably to the model. 
LXXIII. He will apply himself to know the best trim of his vessel, and her good qualities and defects in order to make mention of them in the report which he is to remit to the Secretary for the Department of War on his return. 
LXXIV. He will keep an exact Journal of his navigation ; will make himself the necessary observations when it can be done, and will mark his route upon Charts ; he will therefore issue each evening at 8 o'clock, the route and sailing for the night, to the officer commanding the first watch, who will come to receive his orders. 
LLTI. He will take care that the sea Lieutenants and Midshipmen &c. as well as the Sailing-master, remit to him every day the result of their observations and calculations. 
LXXVI. He will exercise the men at the Cannon as often as possible, and at proper times , with a sham action, to accustom his Crew to repair to their posts with vivacity and understandingly. The officers of the several divisions of the Crew will be present at these exercises in their uniform and with their arms as in a day of action. Each officer will note upon his Journal the day on which these general and particular exercises are made. The sham-action will be made without any or but little consumption of powder. 
LXXVII. He will make every fifteen days a review of his Crew, and cause to be well attended the sick and convalescent of his vessel. 
LXXVIII. In case of being separated from the vessels of the squadron, he will assemble the officers in chief of the watch ; and after having examined the cause  of it, he will make a memorandum of it, to be signed by each of them, and remitted to the Secretary for the Department of War, at the end of the voyage or campaign. 
LXXIX. The President enjoins it upon him to protea the lawful commerce of the citizens of the United States, upon all occasions where it can be done agreeably to treaties, the laws of the United States, and laws of nations, to render secure their navigation and prevent as much as in his power wrong or in jury being done to it, without exacting from the merchant under any pretext whatever any compensation therefor or retribution for his Crew. 
LXXX. He will obey punctually the orders of the President and his superior officer in squadron or division, will be attentive to all his signals and manoeuvres at all times ; he will charge particularly an officer to superintend the signals, to give notice of those that are made, and of the movements of the commandant of the squadron and Those of the enemy. He will enjoin it upon the officer to mark upon a particular register the species of signals, the reason for them, the hour when made, and that of their execution. 
LXXXI. He will direct the officers of the watch to execute the particular movements of the vessel and general evolutions with the greatest precision. 
LXXXII. When he would board an enemy's vessel he will charge the officer next to him in rank to command the boarding, and conduct on board of the enemy the number of sailors and marines assigned for the purpose; he will see that the whole are suitably armed and conformably to the regulations for action. 
LXXXIII. Being in squadron he may not succour another vessel with sails, ammunition or necessaries, without a written order of the commandant ; but if he finds himself within reach of a vessel in danger, and which has need of prompt or immediate assistance, he may give it without waiting for the signal, and render an account of it to the commandant as soon as possible. 
LXXXIV. In case he finds himself under the necessity to retrench a part of the ration from his Crew, he will receive, if in squadron, an order prescribing it from the commandant, :and in like manner an order to re-establish the full ration. 
LXXXV. He will conduct himself during his voyage or campaign according to his instructions ; if his mission has for its object to cruize to cover the trade of the citizens of the United States, he will perform it so that there will remain to him on his return to port but fifteen days provisions for his Crew, unless he receives contrary instructions from the President, or is forced to return sooner by some unforeseen cause which cannot admit of delay. 
LXXXVI. If the too great consumption of provisions which he may suffer on board is the cause of his return into port, he will be responsible for the time that he has not kept at sea, on account of the dissipation of the provisions he has permitted, the amount of which shall be deducted from his appointments. 
LXXXVII. When two ships of the United States fall foul of each other, the conduct of the captains shall be examined by a council to be constituted by the Commodore of the squadron immediately after the event. The said council will hear evidence upon all the circumstances of the case, and will give their opinion in writing upon which fide the fault lay and whether it proceeded from negligence or incapacity. The minutes of the council to be transmitted to the Secretary for the Department of War, who will render an account of the same to the President. 
LXXXVIII. If he loses, in whatever manner it may be, a ship or vessel of the United States, which shall have been confided to him, he shall be tried by a council of war. 
LXXXIX. In case of the shipwreck of his vessel on any coast, by rocks or any other accident, his first care will be to prevent disorder and save as much of the effects as possible of the United States. He will encourage the people of his Crew and will make them pass successively to land, and will be the last to quit the vessel. 
XC. He will, being in squadron, present as often as opportunity offers, his Journal to the Commandant for inspection, and on his return from the cruize or campaign, will remit the said Journal to the Secretary for the Department of War. 
Duties of the Officer second in Command. 
CXI. The officer second in command will digest the accounts which he will cause to be furnished him each day by the officers charged with the different details including Those having the keeping of the Stores and provisions; from the whole of which he will form a Table, which he will remit every Sunday to the Captain. This Table will exhibit in columns the results of each detail, to the end, that the Captain may be weekly informed of the situation of the vessel, as it respccts Provisions, Ammunition, Rigging, situation of the Crew and Sick. 
XCII. Upon an account being rendered to him that any part pf the provisions is spoiled, or other effects rendered unserviceable, he will inform the Captain therewith, who will assemble a council composed of the officer second in command, the officer charged with the superintendance of detail of the article found viciated, and the person having charge of the provisions, he will make a record of the condemnation, which will be signed by all the members of the council. He will do the same in great losses, such as upon losing a Mast, Anchor, &c. 
XCIII. He will besides conform to all other duties assigned him by these regulations or that may be assigned him by the Captain. 
Duties of the Officers Charged with the detail of the Artillery
XCIV. The detail of the Artillery will be always confided to the sea Lieutenants ; they will have the superintendance and inspection of the Gunner, Gunner's Mates, Quarter-Gunners and Commandants of the Pieces, as well as of all objects relativ`e to the Artillery and small Arms. 
XCV. They will be charged during arming and disarming the ship or vessel, under the orders of the Captain, with the embarkation and debarkation of all effects, Ammunition and articles appertaining to the Artillery. 
XCVI. They will visit the Powder-room, Boatswain Store-room, place of Arms, Cartridge-chests, Wells, enclosures for the Ball, Grappling-irons, the Rings and Iron-work of the Port holes, the Aprons or Port-lids, and whatever appertains to the Cannon, as well as the ship's Stores and materials generally ; they will see that the room for the different utensils be!onging to the Artillery and the utensils are in order ; they will be accompanied in such visits by the Master-gunner, and will make a report to the Captain of whatever they may find badly taken care of or out of order. 
XCVII. They will obtain from the proper office a copy of the Inventory of the utensils and ammunition which is to be embarked. 
XCVIII. They will also cause the Master-gunner to calibre all the Balls which have been embarked, and will pay attention to see them placed in their proper compartments or reservoirs, and to give to each an equal number. 
XCIX. They will cause the Master-gunner to take the weight, number and length of each Cannon, as well as the mark of the forge where cast. 
C. They will make every evening at sea, and every morning, in port or harbour, a particular inspecion of the vessels batteries, to ascertain, whether they are in the condition which is required, for example, if they are neat, the carriages washed, the space between them clean and the pieces well secured. 
CI. On sight of an enemy, they will take the orders of the captain for inspecting the batteries and feeing that there is nothing wanting for an engagement. As soon, as they have ascertained these points, they will make their report to the captain. 
CII. They will direct, agreeably to the orders of the captain, the officers and cannoneers, to pay the greatest attention to the manner in which they charge their pieces, so as not to expose them to be burst by too great load ; they will watch  in consequence, that there be put in at the same time but one round ball, and one chained-ball ; or one round ball, and one packet of case shot, or two round balls according to the distance at which the enemy fight. 
CIII. The master-gunner will render each day an account of the consumption of ammunition to each lieutenant, and the Senior lieutenant will make return of the same to the captain. 
CIV. If any ammunition is spoiled or rendered unfit for service or use, by any cause whatever, after an examination made by officors charged with the detail of the artillery, in presence of the person having the particular keeping of the same, the said officer will render an account to the captain, who will assemble a council to form a report of condemnation. It is to be understood, that the article condemned is not to be thrown overboard, or otherwise consumed, if there is not danger or embarrassment from keeping it, in order that it may be remitted to the public stores on the vessels return. 
CV. The officers charged with the detail of the artillery will ascertain after an action, the quantity consumed ; he will digest a report of it, and remit it to the captain in order that he may know what ammunition remains after the action, as well as what has been expended. 
CVI. The officer appointed by the captain for that purpose will examine before the vessel enters into port, or returns from her voyage or campaign, if the powder-rooms, Cartridge and arm-chests are well swept and cleaned, and will render an account of his visit to the captain. 
Duties of the officers charged with the detail of Mastiing, Rigging, Cables, Anchors, &c. 
CVII. The officers chargcd with this detail, will have a superintendance over all objects, and over the officers or persons charged with particular parts under them, and they will render an account of the articles consumed, at stated periods as directed, which shall not exceed once a month. 
CVIII. He will make repeated and daily visits into the places where the cables, and small cordage are stowed to ascertain if every thing is in its proper state and place; they will also in port and at sea visit the cables to ascertain that they do not heat ; and pay particular attention to see that the masts, yards, &c. be kept in the best condition possible. 
CIX. Altho' the sails and apparel of the vessel have been often visited in their particular magazines, nevertheless, the officer charged with that duty, will make a new visit in presence of the magazine keeper, and the sailing master, before bringing any of them on board, or taking them to the magazine to be exchanged. 
Duties of the officer charged with the repair of the body of the vessel, and whatever concerns the detail of carpenter work and caulking. 
CX. The carpenter, master caulker, and all under their orders, will cause to be kept in repair the body of the ship, masts, spars, &c. agreeable to the orders of the captain, and render an account of any defect discovered from time to time to him. 
Duties of the officer charged with whatever has respect to the general superintendance qf the provisions and stores, and consumption of water and wood. 
CXI. The master and Purser will cause to be rendered to the captain once a month at least in writing, an account of the consumption of water and wood, comprised in a regular table.  
C. II. The master will descend frequently into the hold, where the water, provision and other stores are, to see that every thing is neatly kept and in order. He will assure himself of the justness of the accounts rendered him by his mates ; and indicate the person charged with that duty deceives him, reflecting the quantity of water and wood remaining on board th vessel, he shall be broke. The said official will have under his orders an assistant to aid him in his detail. He will himself or his assistant be always present at the disiribution of the provisions which will be made each day to the crew. 
CXIII. He will frequently visit the sick, and will see that their refreshments be not consumed by the convalescents, or others. He will be accompanied in these visits by the surgeon of the vessel. He will hear the complaints which may be made to him by the sick, and will make report thereof to the captain. 
Duties of the officers charged with the signals, and with whatever concerns the navigation of the ship, &c. 
CXIV. The officer having charge of the signals will pay the greatest attention to the same, and will be specially charged with the execution of them during an engagement. He will accordingly register Those made by the commandant of the squadron, with their answers. 
Duties of the assistant officers in details. 
CXV. The assistants in the different details of the vessel, will fulfill under the orders and in the absence of the principal, the same functions with which the principal is charged. They will pay the greatest attention to maintain order, cleanliness and discipline in the division of the crew confided to their care and conduct. 
CXVI. Every time that all hands are called to perform any duty, all the officers are required to be present upon deck to receive the orders of the captain as well as the seamen and mariners. 
Regulations, respecting the particular duties of the Watch. 
I. Each lieutenant on board of the ships of war of the United States, shall in rotation have the charge of a watch; but the captain may in cases of necessity, change this order or appoint other than a lieutenant to the duty. 
II. The first watch will commence at eight o'clock in the evening: the commandant of a squadron will cause to be transmitted to him by each captain of the squadron, a list of the distribution of the officers of the several watches, that he may know at all times the officers on watch : the captains will render also an account of any changes which may take place in the watch list. 
III. The officer of the watch, will make the roll-call of the sailors and others belonging to his watch: the next officer under his orders will be present at these roll-calls : will review his people, will range them at their respective posts, and will permit none of them to quit the deck to go to sleep, before that part of the crew which is to relieve them, have appeared on deck. 
IV. At the commencement of each watch the officer who commands it, will see that the sails are properly set, and every thing prepared for the manoeuvre, he will go the round fore and aft, accompanied with the officer whom he relieves ; he will visit, or cause to be visited the pumps at the commencement and end of his watch, (and as much oftner as necessary) to know whether the vessel makes water, and if it is necessary to pump her. 
v. The officer of the watch will never abandon the deck under any pretext whatever. An essential part of his duty is to keep the sailors always ready, and never to believe himself so secure as to have no accident to fear. It is the intention of the President therefore, that the captain shall not suffer the officers of the watch to occupy themselves in any :situation in reading, or in any other amusement which might interrupt in any manner the continual attention which they owe to the ship and their duty, under pain of being put in arrest for the first offence, and cashiered for the second. 
VI. The President strictly enjoins the captain of every vessel, to keep during the whole of the watch an under lieutenant, or where circumstances will not admit of employing an officer of this grade, a midshipman upon the fore-castle to maintain order and vigilance. 
VII. The officer commanding the watch, will always order the manoeuvres himself with a loud voice (unless the captain is present and thinks proper to direct the same) the boatswain or his mate or both will repeat the command of the officer, using the call in all customary cases. 
VIII. The officer of the watch on the commencement of night, when the vessel is in squadron, will keep up with the vessels of the squadron and particularly Those of the commandants, which indicates the route, or from which one expects signals, and the vessels at the van and rear of the line : he will place intelligent seamen to observe them, in order that in quitting his watch, he may be able to inform the officer who relieves him of their poosition, and thereby prevent separation. 
IX. If the officer who is to be relieved cannot inform the relieving officer, of the position of the commandant, or if his position be uncertain only, the relieving officer will not take charge of the watch, till after he has notified the captain therewith and recived his orders. The officer who is relieved will also make known to the relieving officer, the position of the signal vessels or repeaters, its chief leader and rear vessel; and if the ship was not at its posts or in its proper position, the relieving officer, after informing the captain with the circumstance, will order agreeable to his instructions, the manoeuvres and changes in the sails, necessary to recover 1i. 
x. The officer second in command when the captain is not on deck will cause any faults or omissions to be remedied which he may observe in the manoeuvres or position of the sails; and the officer commanding the watch will be obliged to execute his orders under the punishment of insubordination or disobedience of orders. 
I. The officer of the watch will take care that the crew perform their duty with the greatest silence, particularly in the night. The officer of the watch second in command will always pass forward to see the manouvre that may be ordered by the first officer executed, the first officer remaining on the quarter deck. 
XII. The officer of the watch shall neither change the route nor veer about, without advertising the captain of the necessity for doing it and without his orders, unless he be compelled to it in order to shun promptly an evident danger. In that case he will inform the captain of it while the manouvre is in execution. 
XIII. The officer of the watch will enter himself or cause to be entered on the log-board, &c. the route held during his watch, the winds which have prevailed, their force, the way the ship has made by knots and fathoms, the lee-way, variation, mode of sailing, distance Qf the commandant of the squadron, signals and manouvres of the commandant, &c. &c  
XIV. He will cause the log to be cast every hour, and oftener if he thinks it necessary. 
xv. On being relieved, he will communicate to the relieving officer, all the orders which he has received, will inform him of all the movements of the squadron; of the signals that have been made during his watch, and give to him every necessary knowledge respecting the position of the commandant and the van and rear vessels. 
XVI. If the vessel sails near the land, the officer of the watch will be attentive to indicate to the officer who relieves him the position of the vessel relative to the coast. 
XVII. The officer commanding the watch will cause two general rounds to be made ; the first: by the officer second in command, the other by the officers or persons next in command. In these the Masts, sails and pumps are to be visited, as well as every other matter done, that shall be deemed necessary. 
XVIII. Whenever any event happens, whether by night or in the day, which has not been foreseen by the captain of the vessel, the officer will render him an account thereof upon the instant, and wait his orders if the case will admit of it. 
XVIV. The officer who takes the first watch is to receive the orders of the captain. If the ship is in a foreign road or port or at sea or elsewhere, the officer of the watch will neither suffer any boat with oars, or other vessel to come on board or go from on board without being present, and without advertising the captain thereof. 
Regulations respecting the form and mod of keeping the Log-book and journals on board of Ships, frigates or other vessels of the United States. 
For the purpose qf establishing uniformity in all parts of the sea service, the President orders as follows, viz. 
I. The quarter bill, log-tables or book, the captain's joumal, and the journal of the officers, and midshipmen on board the ships and vessels of the United States, will be kept conformable to the models annexed to these regulations. 
II. The commanding officer of the watches on board of ships or vessels of the United States, will cause to be entered in the log-book by the sailing mafier or his mates, all the observations he has made, and will sign at the end of his watch these different observations (if demanded by the master or his representative) in the digesting of which he will pay the greatest attention, and is made responsible for any fault or negligences which may be committed. 
III. The commanders of vessels of the United States, will cause to be laid before them the first and fifteenth of every month, the journals of the sea lieutenants masters, midshipmen and voluntcers embarked under their orders, and to ascertain that the intention of the President has been complied with, they will examine the  said journals every time that they are presented and with their own, will send them to the department for the Sccretary of War, at the end of the expedition or cruise. 
IV. The Secretary for the department of war, may cause the said journals to be examined by officers or persons qualified to form a judgment of the same, who will report their opinion to the Secretary, of the exactitude which each officer, sailing master or other person has observed in his journal, as well as on the observations or remarks which they have made on the different objects. 
v. If any of the said journals contain observations or remarks which may contribute to the improvement of geography, such as ascertaining the latitude and longitude, fixing or rectifying the position of places supported by original observations and calculations which prove their justness, the heights and views of land, charts, plans or discriptions of any port, anchorage ground, coasts, islands or danger little known; remarks relative to the direction and effects of currents, tides, winds and other object interesting to navigation, the officers or persons appointed to examine them, will make extracts of whatever appears to merit to be preserved, and after these extracts have been communicated to the officer or author of the journal from which they have been drawn, and that he has certified in writing to the fidelity of his journal, as well as of the charts, plans, and views which he has joined to it, the same shall be signed by the officers and examiners, and transmittcd with their opinipn thereon to the Secretary for the department of War, to be preserved in the general depot of charts, plans and journals.
especial Duties of certain Officers. 
OF THE BOATSWAIN 
I. The boatswain will receive into his special charge the rigging, cables, cordage, anchors, sails, boats, &c. and will give an indent or receipt for the same to be lodged with the keeper of the general magazine. 
II. He will not cut up any cordage or canvass without an order in writing from the Captain, and under the inspection of the master, and will always have in reserve a good quantity of small plats for the security of the cables.  
III.  He and his Mates are to assist in relieving the watch, and see that the working of the ship be performed with as little confusion as may be. 
IV.  His accounts are to be audited and vouched by the Captain and master, and presented to the proper officer to examine them, and until such accounts are passed he is not to receive his wages.  
OF THE  MASTER SAIL-MAKER.  
I.  He will with his Mate and crew examine all the sails that are brought on board, and attend all surveys and conservation of sails.  
II. He will always in due time repair and keep the sails fit for service. 
III. He will see that they are dry when put into the storeroom ; will have them frequently taken up and aired ; and see that they are secured from drips, damps and vermin as much as possible. 
IV.  When any sails are to be returned into the public store, he is to attend the delivery of them for their greater safety.  
0F  THE  GUNNER.  
I.  He will apply under orders to the superintendant of military stores and receive from him, the ordnance, mmunition, small rms, and other stores allowed for the voyage, and should any part thereof be unfit for use or service, he will immediately represent the same to the Captain in order to its being surveyed and returned. 
II. He will see that the powder room be well secured, and in proper order before the powder is brought into the ship. 
III. He will lodge the powder in copper hooped barrels in the ground-tier , he will see that the door of the powder-room be fast locked, the scuttles well shut and covered, and deliver the keys to the Captain. 
IV. He will seasonably advise the Captain when any powder comes on board ; he will not remove powder, prepare fuzes or the like without directions, and will see that the fire and candles be extinguithed, and the centinels posted agreeably to 
orders. 
V. He will not go or send any one into the powder room ,without the orders of the Captain or officer authorized by the captain, to issue orders, and will take care that those who go there have nothing about them that will strike fire in falling. 
VI. He will not fill more than three rounds of parchment or other cartridges, at a time, unless the particular situation in which the ship may be induced the Captain to order greater number. 
VII. When he receives additional stores, they are not to be used unless the old are expended.
VIII. He will not suffer empty powder-barrels to be staved, but will preserve them to shift such as may be decayed.
IX. He will by direction of the Captain allow a proper quantity of powder and shot for exercise.
x. He will in time of action reduce the allowance of powder by degrees until the same be lessened to one fourth the Weight of the shot agreeable to the strength of the powder or particular kind of cannon, receiving his order from the Captain. He will not swab a gun when it becomes hot, for fear of splitting it. 
XI. He will takc ecare that the guns be placed upon their proper carriages, and fiand a proper height from the sill of the port. 
XII. He will not scale the gun oftener than the ship is refitted unless upon extraordinary occasion and with the Captains orders; and when they are loaded for service, he will see them well tampioned, and the vents filled with oakum. 
XIII. He will pay over, with a coat of warm tar and tallow mixed, such guns as are struck in the hold. 
XIV. He will take care of the stores committed to his keeping ; no waste that is not perishable will be allowed him, only reasonable wear ; and if any accident, it must be vouched by a council and the Captain. 
XV. He is to keep a book of expenditures, and will express the stores that may be expended in words at length and not in figures. 
ri. He will keep the boxes of grape-shot and hand-granadoes in a dry place. 
II. He will observee upon the guns the notches or sights upon the base or muzzle rings, for the better guiding the aim. 
III. He will not load the gun with unfixt mixtures, which always endangers their splitting. 
XIX. He will not start the hand-granadoes, but return what are left at the end of the voyage, in the same manner that he received them. 
xx. When the ship wants new supplies, he will draw out an account, with an inventory of what remains, present the same to the Captain, which he is to vouch and transmit to the Secretary for the Department of War, for his orders. 
XXI. He will make oui half yearly, an abstract of his account. 
XXII. He will keep what are called the gunnery apartments or store rooms, &c. in good order, and suffer none to lie there without authority, and see that the centinel to it performs his duty. 
XXIII. He will be frugal of his match and burn no more than is allowed and that over a tub of water. 
XXV. He will after an engagement procure a survey to be made of the powder in general. He will keep an inventory of all the arms; and utensils sent out of the ship, and get the same signed by the officer appointed to command the detachment, and witnessed by the Captain's Clerk. 
XXVI. When the ship comes into port to be refitted, &c. he will get her cleared of the guns and other ordnance stores, as soon as possible. 
XXVII. He will take care that the store be safely returned, and will, with the Armourer, attend the store-keeper, when his stores so returned are surveyed on shore, and will sign the remains. 
XXVIII. At the end of the voyage he will deliver his accounts to the proper accounting officer. 
XXIX. If he has cause of complaint against any of the officers of the ship, with relation to the disposition of the stores under his charge ; he will represent the same to the Captain of the ship, who shall transmit it to the Secretary for the Department of War. 
OF THE ARMOURER. 
I He will assist the Gunner in the survey and receipt of the small arms, and to keep them clean and in good order. 
II. In foreign parts, if the small arms want repairs which cannot be done on board, and which the Captain shall order to be done on shore, the Armourer and Gun-smith must attend to see the reparations well executed. 
III. When the small arms are returned into the public store, the Gunner and Armourer must produce certificates from the superintendant of military stores or his agent, who may receive them, that they are returned clean and in good order. 
OF THE CARPENTER. 
I. He will, conformable to the regulations, be responsible for the care and preservation of the ship's hull, masts, &c. and nd all stores committed to his keeping. 
II. He will visit and inspect all parts of the ship daily, and see that things are securcd, caulked, &c. 
III. He will be vigilant in an engagement:, and have all materiaals ready to repair damages and to plug up shot holes, &c.
OF THE MASTER AT ARMS. 
I. He will daily, and by returns (as the Captain shall order) exercise the petty officers, and ship's company. 
II. He will place and relieve centinels ; he will mount with the guard, and see that the arms be kept in good order. 
III. He will see that the fire and candles be put out in proper season, according to the regulations and orders of the Captain. 
IV. He will visit all vessels coming to the ship and prevent the seamen going from the ship without leave. 
V. He will acquaint the officer of the watch with all irregularities in the ship which shall come to his knowledge. 
0F THE COOK. 
I. He will have charge of the steep-tub, and is answerable for the meat put therein. 
II. He will see the meat duly watered and the provisions carefully and cleanly boiled, and delivered to the men agreeably to regulations. 
III. He will secure the steep-tub in stormy weather so that it may not be washed overboard; should it so happen to be lost without his fault, the Captain must certify to it, and he is to make oath to the number of pieces so lost, that it may be allowed in the Purser's accounts. 
OF THE PURSER. 
I. The Purser, as often as the ship is ordered to be fitted out for sea, is to see that no part of the provisions intended for the voyage be used ; but is to apply to the person appointed to furnish provisions to her while in port for the necessary supplies. 
II. He is to enter no man on his books, or supply him with provisions, but by note in writing from the Captain's clerk, or commanding officer on board, which shall express that the person is borne on the muster-roll or roll of the crew. 
III. He is to take care to furnish an estimate in time for and get the full quantity of provisions, water-casks, &c. 
IV. He will not receive or give receipts for any provisiions, which shall not have been surveyed under his immediate inspection. He will also in every case take the marks of the casks, and enter the time of survey and person providing and delivering them, and when received. 
v. If the ship cannot contain all her provisions, he is to certify the same, and the quantity short of each species ordered, and send a duplicate to the Secretary for the Department of War. 
VI. He is to procure certificates under the signature of the commander and master, of the quantity of provisions received into the ship, to be produced to the accounting officers. 
VII. He is to provide the ship with coals, wood, turnery-ware, candles, lanthorns, &c. to enable him to do which, he is to be advanced out of the contingent fund, a certain sum from time to time, for which he is to be accountable. 
VIII. He is in settling his accounts for this advance, to produce vouchers for its expenditure, and will charge the persons who shall destroy or lose any of the said articles, with the value thereof, to be deducted out of their wages or pay. 
IX. He is to be careful to inspect the good order, stowage and preservation of provuions, and that the oldest be expended first.
X. If any of the provisions become unfit for use, he is immediately to report the circumstances to the commander, and require a survey upon the same, agreeably to the regulations. 
XI. Condemned provisions are not to be thrown overboard, except cheese and salt-fish, if the ship is at or near any victualling port, but the same is to be returned to the agent or public store. The same is to be done if the ship is at sea, and an agent from victualling vessels be in company; but if there be no agent, where a supply is procured, or he shall refuse to receive them, he may then, by warrant from the commander of the squadron, or from his own captain, if the ship be alone, cause the said provisions to be flung overboard, taking a certificate of the quantity, and also an account when, where, and from whom the said provisions were received, and himself or steward must make oath to the quantity fo thrown overboard. 
XII. Condemned butter is never to be flung overboard, but returned into store, unless the boatswain shall want of it for the ship's use, and then he must be charged therewith, and the order for the same signed by the commander. 
XIII. Leakage of beer must be surveyed by warrant from the captain to the master and two or more officers of the ship, who are to report under their hands on the back of the said warrant, the quantity leaked out and the reason and occasion of the leakage: The cooper's oath is also required thereto. 
XIV. He is to transmit to the accounting officers duplicates of all orders, reports, certificates &c. relating to surveys attested, reserving the originals in his own hands for the passing his accounts. 
XV. If any species of provisions or necessaries fall short, and the want thereof is supplied out of another species, when the ship receives a supply, he must replace a like quantity of the species taken away so as to complete the full complement of each. 
XVI. If a cask of beef or pork, fall short of the contents marked on the head, he must have a survey, by warrant from the captain, and report the same, and either himself or steward is to make oath at the foot of the survey to the truth thereof; and that none of the said casks were opened, or any pieces taken out, before the time of the survey, to the best of their knowleJge. And after such a discovery as this, it is required, that an exact account be exhibited of the number of pieces of beef and pork, in all the casks that shall be expended, and a true balance thereof delivered to to the proper accounting officer, having charge of the victualling department.  
XVII. He is not to purchase any provisions in any of the ports of the United States where there is an agent, or in the way of one, but where there is no agent on application., the captain shall cause the remains to be surveyed, and where there is real want, or insufficient to carry her to a victualling port, or where the service requires that such a delay ought not to be incurred in going to re-victualling port, or in waiting for authority to purchase, from the Secrdary of War ; the Captain may by his warrant, authorize him to procure the same. The receipts of payment in such cases, are to be witnessed by two commission or warrant officers, and the quantity and pieces expressed. He is also to procure a certficate from two or more eminent merchants of the place, that the said purchases were at market prices. 
XVIII. He is never to hire sloops or boats, but on an indispensible necessity, and by his commander's written order; and is to produce the order and a certificate signifying the occasion of their being hired, and that they were not employed longer than necessary. 
XIX. If, in the purchase of supplies, it is necessary to draw bills of exchange, the Captain is to draw them at the most favorable exchange, and procure certificates from the Consul, if there is one at the port, or from respectable merchants of the currency of exchange at the time, which he must transmit home with the bills ; and also an account how the said money was laid out. 
xx. When the Purser returns home he is to deliver to the proper accounting officers an account current of all hii disbursements for the service of the ship at large, with his particular affadavit at the foot of the account. 
XXI. He is also to deliver to the proper officer a particular account of all the provisions and necessaries of every kind delivered out by him during the voyage, and an account of the balance of each kind on hand, with his affidavit annexed thereto. 
XXII. If water is wanted and cannot be had without money, he may by warrant from the Captain purchase what is necessary, taking receipts, witnessed by two commission or warrant officers, and a certificate from the Captain of the quantity brought on board. 
XXIlI. The Purser is to employ the Cooper to repair defective casks. He is also to keep a distinct account of the waste staves and iron-hoops ; and himself or Cooper shall make oath to the truth thereof. 
XXIV. If loss happens in provisions or stores by action with an enemy or otherwise, by unavoidable accidents; he is to produce a certificate from the Captain of what was so lost, with the occasion, and himself or some other person, who was present, must make oath that it did not happen through any neglect or default. 
XXV. He is to keep a very regular and exact muster-book, and to set off against their names the slop-clothes, dead men's clothes, beds and tobacco, they have been supplied with, in order to be voucher for the tickets made out by the Captain for deduction of wages. He is also to note down the times of beginning and ending short allowance, the nature and quantity of the said allowance, and what has been paid on that account. 
XXVI. He may at appointed times, and in some public place, sell tobacco to the seamen, not exceeding two pounds per month to a man, at the rate settled by the Secretary for the Department of War, and such slops as may be proper and necessary. 
XXVII. He is to keep a sick book, mentioning the men's names sent out of the ship, their number on the ship's book, when and where sent, number of days absent, which is to be delivered in to the proper accounting officer. 
XXCIII. When provisions are to be returned into the public store, he is to send with them the steward, or some careful person, to see their safe delivery to the officer appointed to receive them. 
XXIX. A regular survey must be taken before the provisions are returned into store, and he must make an affidavit, that the said provisions were received out of the stores of the United States, or from persons under contract, or purchased, agreeably to the regulations, The like oath is to be made by him of all casks, staves, iron-hoops, and biscuit-bags, returned into public store. 
xxx. He is to pass his accounts within six months after the ship is paid off at furthest : and at the same time to have his affidavit ready touching every particular relating to his accounts. 
XXXI. If he has cause of complaint against any of the officers of the ship, with relation to the disposition of the provisions or stores under his charge, he is to represent the same to the Captain, who will transmit an account to the Secretary for the Department of War, before the ship is paid off. 
XXXII. He is not to sign any accounts, books, lists or tickets before he has fully informed himself of the truth of every particular contained therein.
XXXIII. He will pay the officers, marines and crew of the ship, if so directed, and empowered agreeably to such regulations as may be prescribed by the proper authority. 
OF THE SURGEON. 
I. He is to be provided with instruments and a chest of medicines out of the public magazine. The same are to be examined and approved by such physician as may be nominated by the Secretary of War for that purpose, who will give a certificate that the instruments are sufficient and in good order, and the medicines in like manner proper for the occasion, and in sufficient quantity. 
II. When the chest is to be recruited or any of the instruments to be replaced, the like examination and certificate is to be produced, and all such implements as are unfit for service, reported to the Secretary of War and returned into the public magazine, and such medicines in the chest as shall be condemned by the physician as unfit for uee; reported in like manner, and destroyed in his presence. 
III. He is to inspect the articles and necessaries especially intended for the sick before being sent on board, and if not good, is to report to the Captain.  
IV. He is to visit the men under his care twice a day, or oftener, if circumstances require it; he must see that his mates do their duty, that none want due attendance and relief.  
V. He is daily to inform the Captain of the state of his patients ; and receive his orders.
VI. When the sick are ordered to hospitals he is to send with them, to the Surgeon,   an account of the time and manner of their being taken ill and how they have been treated. 
VII. He is to be ready with his mates and assistants in an enggagement, having all things at hand necessary for stopping blood and dressing of wounds, &c. 
VIII. He is to keep a day-book of his practice, containing the names of his patients, their hurts, distempers, when taken ill, when recovered, removal, death, prescriptions and method of treatment, while under cure. 
IX. From the last book he is to form two memoirs, one containing his physical practice, the other his chirurgical, which are respectively to be delivered at the end of each voyage to the Secretary for the Department of War, in order to their being examined by professional judges. 
Regulations to be observed respecting Provsions. 
I. Captains may shorten the daily allowance of provisions when necessity shall require it, taking due care that each man has credit for his deficiency, that he may be paid for the same.  
II. No officer is to have whole allowance while the company is at short. 
III. Beef for the use of the navy is to be cut into six pound pieces, and pork into four ; and every cask is to have the contents thereof marked on the head, and the person's name by whom the same was furnished. 
IV. If there be a want of pork the Captain may order beef in the proportion established by law, to be given out in lieu thereof, and vice versa. 
V. One half gallon of water at least shall be allowed every man in foreign voyages, and such further quantity as shall be thought necessary on the home station, but on particular occasions the Captain may shorten this allowance. 
VI. To prevent the buying of casks abroad, no casks are to be shipped which will want to be replaced by now ones before the vessel's return to the United States. 
VII. If any provisions slip out of the slings, or are damaged through carelessness, the Captain is to charge the value against the wages of the offender. 
VIII. No provisions are to be refused until the Captain or Commanding officer shall cause the same to be surveyed : and if they then appear unfit for use, he is to return them, together with the original survey. 
IX. Every ship is to be provided with a seane, and the crew supplied with fresh provisions as often as it can conveniently be done. 
RESPECTING SLOP-CLOTHES. 
I. Seamen destiitute of necessaries maybe supplied with slops, by an order from the Captain, after the vessel has commenced her voyage. 
II. None are to receive a second supply until they have served full two months, and then not exceeding half their pay, and in the same proportion for every two months if they shall be in want. 
III. Slops are to be issued out publicly and in the presence of an officer, who is to be appointed by the Captain, to see the articles delivered to the seamen and others, and the receipts given for the same, which he is also to certify. 
IV. The Captain is not to suffer any to be supplied who are not really in want, and is to oblige those who are ragged or want bedding to receive such necessaries as they stand in need of, as foresaid. 
V. The Captain is to sign the slop-book before the ship is paid off, or on his removal from the ship at any time, the Purser is to send the same to the proper accounting officer duly signed. 
VI. On the discharge of a man by ticket, the value of the clothes he has been supplied with must be noted on the same in words at length. 
VII. If necessity requires the buying of clothes in foreign parts, the Captain must cause them to be procured of the kinds prescribed for the navy, and as moderate as possible : he must also (by the first opportunity) cause an invoice of the same to be forwarded to the Secretary of War. 
0F CONVOYS. 
I. A commander of a squadron, or commander of a ship appointed to convoy the trade of the United States, must give necessary and proper instructions in writing and signcd by himself to all the master of merchant ship and vessels under his protection. 
II. He is to take an exact list in proper form, containing the names of all the ships and vessels under his convoy, and send a copy thereof to the Secretary for the Department of War, before he sails. 
III. He is not in time of actual war to chase out of sight of his convoy, but be watchful to defend them from attack or surprize ; and if distressed, to afford them all necessary assistance. He is to extend the same protection to his convey, against attack or surprize, when the United States are not engaged in war. 
IV. If the master of a ship shall misbehave, by delaying the convoy, abandoning the same, or disobeying the established instructions, the commander is to report him with a narration of facts to the Secretary of War by the first opportunity 
V. The commander is to carry a top-light in the night to prevent seperation, unless on particular occasions he may deem it improper.
VI. He may order his signals to be repeated by as many ships of war under his command as he may think fit. 
VII. When different convoys set sail at the same time, or join at sea, they are to keep company so long as their courses lie together: when it thus happens, the eldest commander of a convoy shall command in the first post ; the next eldest in the second, and so on according to seniority. 
VIII. Commanders of different convoys are to wear the lights of their respective posts, and repeat the signals, in order as is usual to flag officers. 
XIX. Convoys are to sail like divisions, and proper signals to be made at separation. 




