OF THE DUTIES OF A COMMANDER IN CHIEF, OR COMMANDEB OF A BQUADEON.
1. He is to inform the secretary of the navy of all hie proceedings which relate to the eervice.
2. He is to correspond with the public offices, about such mattersasrelate to them, and send to them an account of all directions given by him, which concern the said offices.
3. He shall inform himself of the properties of the vessels in his squadron, that he may make use of them to advantageasoccasion may require.
4. In order to facilitate the o rations for which the squadron is destined, its commandant shall take care to Xtribute his orders to all the commanders under him, regulated by his instructions from the secretary of the navy.
5. Immediately on his receiving orders to sail, he shall execute it assoon as the weather will permit; and previous to his departure, he shall give an account to the secretary of the navy of the condition of his squadron, without omitting any essential circumstance.
6. He shall suit his sails according to the knowledge he ought to have of the qualities of the ships, and circumstances of the weather, without obliging the heaviest sailors to an extraordinary exertion, from whence damage may result.
7. When the fleet shall be divided into squadrons or divisions, all the ships shall regulate their motions by those of their respective chiefs.
8. The commandant shall always maintain his squadron in a readiness to sail expeditiously; he shall from time to time visit the ships, as well to examine if they are in this due disposition, as to take care that they observe a good dis- cipline.
9. He may suspend from their employs. the captains of vessels, or any other o5cers under his command, who, by their bad conduct, or other motives, he shall think deserving of such a punishment; but must immediately transmit an account thereof to the secretary of the navy, specifying his reasons for so doing, and furnish the ca tain or officer suspended, with a copy thereof.
10. %he commandant of the squadron ought not to alter the appointmente assigned to the officers, at the time of fitting out, without the weightiest and well founded reasons.
11. He is to preserve his instructions and particular orders, that he ahall have received during the campaign, and other papers relative to his government, in the most intelligible disposition.
12. At the end of the cruise he shall transmit to the secretary of the navy a fair copy of all his official correspondence. He is to deliver to the secretary of the navy the journal of his navigation, which he is to make during the cruise with the greatest exactnew.
13. He is never to give orders to any captain to bear supernumeraries, unless there be good cause for it, which is to be expressed in the body of the order; and he is to inform the secretary of the navy when he gives such orders, and of his reasons for so doing.
14. When he is a t sea, he is frequently to exercise the ships under his command, and draw them into lines of battle, when the weather is fair, and the eame can be done consistently with his cruising orders and without interruption to the VOYW.
15. He is to visit the ships of his squadron or division, and view the men on board, and see them mustered, asoften as he shall think necessary.
16. When he is in foreign parts, where naval or other officers am established, he is to conform himself asmuch aapossible to the standing rules of the navy, in such directionsashe shall have occsaion to give them; 8nd never toput them under any extraordinary expenses, unless the service should absolutely require the same.
17. He is never to interest himself in the purchase of any storesor provisions in ford arts, where there are proper officers appointed for that service; except there s mbe an absolute necessity to make use of his credit or authority, to procure such provisions or stores as are wanted; but in that case, he s W not be so concerned as to have any private interest in the same.
OF THE DUTIES OF A CAPTAIN OB COMMANDER.
1. WHENa captain or commander is appointed to command one of the United Ststes ships, he is immediately to repair on board, and visit her throughout.
2. To give his constant attendance on board and quicken the dispatch of the work; and to send to the navy department weekly sccounts, or oftener, if neces-sary, of the condition and circumstances she is in,and the progress made in fitting ---her out.
3. T o take inventories of all the stores committed to the charge of hi officers mpectively, and to require from his boatswain, gunner, sailmaker, carpenter and purser, counterparts of their respective indents.
4. To cause his clerk to be present, and to take an account of a11 the stores and provisions that come on board, and when; which account he is to compare with the indents, in order to prevent any fraud or neglect.
5. To keep counter books of the expense of the ships stores and provisions, whereby to know the state and condition of the same; and to audit the accounts of the officers, entrusted therewith, once a week, in order to be a check upon them.
6. When ordered to recruit, he is to use his best endeavors to get the ship manned, and not to enter any but men of able bodies, and fit for service; he is to keep the established number of men complete, and not to exceed his complement.
7. When the ships company is completed, they shall be divided into messes and w d s ; and he shall order without delay, the partition of the people for an enga ement, to the end that, before they sail, every one may know his post.
8. He may grant to private ships of the nation the succours he lawfully may, taking from their captains or patrons a correspondent security, that the owners may satisfy the amount or value of the things supplied.
9. At all times, whether sailing alone or in a squadron, he shall have his ship ready for an immediate engagement: to which purpose, he shall not permit any thing to be on deck, that may embarrass the management of the guns, and not be readily cleared away.
10. As,from the beginning of the campaign, the plan of the combat ought to be formed, he shall have hi directions given. and his people so placed, as not to be unprovided against any accident which may happen.
11. If it is determined to board the enemy, the captain is not under any pretext to quit his ship, whose preservation must be the chief object of his care; but he may appoint his second in command, or any other officer he thinks proper for the function, without attending to his antiquity.
12. He shall observe, during his cruise, the capacity, application, and behaviour of his officers; and for experience, he shall employ them in works and commissions that may manifest their intelligence.
13. He is to cause all new raised men and others, not skilled in seamanship, daily to lash up their harnmocka, and carrythem to the proper places for barricad-ing the ship, whenever the weather will permit; and also to have them practised in going frequently every day, up and down the shrouds, and employed on all kind of work, to be created purposely, to keep them in action, and to teach them --the duty of seamen.
14. TO keep a regular muster-book, setting down therein the names of all pereons entered to serve on board, with all circumstances relating to them.
15. Himaelf to muster the ship's company at least once a week, in port, or at sea, and to be very exact in this duty; and if any person shall absent himself from his duty, without leave, for three successive muatera, he ia Go be marked as a run-away, on the ships books.
16. To send every month, one muster-book complete to the navy office, signed by m l f and purser.
17. To make a ht of eeamen run away, inserting the same at the end of the muster-books, and to distinguieh the time, manner, and by what opportunity they made their escape: if the deeertion happens in any port of the United States, he i to send to the navy department their names, place of abode, and all the crr- cumstances of their escape.
18. The captain of the ship shall be responsible for his crew, whose desertion shall be bid tohicharge, whenever it proceeds from a want of necessary care; but if it proceeds from the neglect of an officer who ahall have the charge of a watering party, or any other duty on shore, and from his negligenceany part of the crew ent?ted to him ahall desert, that officer shall be responsible for the same.
19. He 1s to make out tickets for all such seamen ss shall be discharged from bie book!, signed by himeelf and purser, and to deliver them to none but the psrty; and ~fhe be dead or absent he is to send the tiaket forthwith to the navy-office.
20. He is not to suffer the ship's storeatobe misapplied or waated, and if such lose happens by the negligence or wilfulneaa of any of the ehips company, he ieto charge the value thereof against the wages of the offender on the muster and pay boob.
21. He shall make no alteration in any part of the ship.
22. He is to keep sentinels posted a t the scuttle, leading into all the store-rooms, and no person is to pass down but by leave from the captain or commanding offi- cer of the watch, which leave must be signified to the sentinel from the quarter deck.
23. He is to observe won able times in setting up hie shrouds and other rigging, especially when they are new and apt to stretch; and also to favor his masts as much aa possible.
24. He is to cause such storesaarequire it to be frequently surveyed and aired, and their defects repaired; and the store roome to be kept airy and in good condi- tion, and secured against rats.
25. He ia not to make use of ships saib for covering boats, or for awnings.
26. The decks or gratings are not to be scraped oftener than is necessary, but are to be washed and swabbed once a day, and air let into the hold as often as may be.
27. He is to permit every officer to possess his proper cabin, and not to make any variation therein.
28. No person k to lie upon the orlop but by leave from the captain, nor to go among the cables with candles, but when service requires it.
29. Such as smoke tobacco are to take it in the fore-castle, and in no other place without the captain's permission, which is never to be given to smoke below the upper gun-deck.
30. Care is to be taken every night, on setting the watch,that all fire and candles be extinguished, in the cock-room, hold, steward-room, cock-pit, and every where between decks; nor are candles to be used in any other part of the ship but in Ian- terns, and that not without the captain's leave; and the lanterns must always be whole and unbroken.
31. He ie not to suffer any person to suttle or sell any sorts of liquors to the ship's company, nor any debts for the same to be inserted in the slop-book, on any pr&nce whatsoever.
32. Before the ship proceeds to sea, he is, without any partiality or favor, to examine and rate the s h i ~ csomDanv. according to their abilities. and to take care thatevery person in theship, without distiic'tion, do actually krform the duty for which he is rated.
33. Before the ship sails, he is to make a regulation for quartering the o5cers and men, and distrihting them to the great guns, s d ar&, rigging, &c. and a list of such order and distribution is to be fixed UD in the most oublic lace of the ship. He is also frequently to exercise the ship's~companyin the use 6f the great guns and smallarms; and to set down in hia 'ournal the times he exercises them.
34. Thefollowingnumberofmenatleast, exclusive of marines aretobeexer- cised and trained up to the use of small arms, under the particular care of a lieu- tenant or master a t arms. 44gun ship------------------------------------ 75men.36 do. , - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -60-do-. - - - - - - - 32 do. ....................................... 45 do. 24 and under 32 gun ships,--------------------4-0--do-.-18and under24 do. ............................ 30 do.AllW e r veasele,---------------------20-d-o.--------- If any officers are absent from their duty when the ship is under eailing he is to send their names to the navy office with the cause of their abeence. He is take awe of hia boats, and secure them before blowing weather; e colorearenot to be kept abroad in windy weather, but due care taken of them.
36. He is not to carry an woman to sea, without ordere from the navy office, or the commander of the spudon.
37.When he is to ail from port to port in time of war, or appearance thereof, he is to give noticeto merchantmen boundhisway, and take them under hiecare, if they are reads: but not to make unnecessary stay, or deviate from his orders on t h t account: .
38. He is to keep a regular journal, and a t the end of every three months, he is send a copy thereof to the navy office; and a t the expiration of the voyage, to give in a general copy.
39. He is by al opportunities,to send an account of his proceedings to the navy offiae, with the condition of the ship, men, kc. he is likewise to keep a punctual correspondence with every of the public offices, in whatsoever respectively con- cerns them.
40. He is not to go into any port, but such as are directed by his orders, unless neceseitouslg obliged, and then not to make any unnecessary stay: if employed in cruising, heisto keep the sea the time required by his orders, or give reasons for actingtothe contrary.
41. Upon all occseions of anchoring, he is to take great care in the choice of a good birth. and examine the aualitv of the around for anchoring, where he is a itranner. soundine a t least t h r k cahlee lcnatiis round the s h i ~ .
42."1n foreign Forts he is to use the utmost good husbandry in careening the ship, and not to do it but under an absolute necessity; none are to be employed in careening and refitting the ship but the ship's company, where it can be avoided; and for the encouragement of his own men, they are entitled to an extraordinary allowance per day; and to prevent any abuse herein, each ship hss the number of operative men limited, as follows: To master carpenters, carpenters' mates, s h i p wrighta and caulkers, for working on board the ship they belong to, tima her for careen, and he< pef day, For workmg on board any other of the United States' ships, In the United States. 75 cents. In all foreign parts.75cents. 1 dollar. And there shall be allowed no more for caulking a ship. fitting her for careen, graving or tallowing her, or other necessary works, for each careening or cleaning, than what amounts to the labor of the following number of men for one day, viz. For a 44-180 men for one day. For a 3 H 6 0 do. do. For a 32-140 do. do. For n 24- 90 do. do. For an 18-70 do. do. All under-30 do. do.
43. If he is obliged tn take up money abroad for the use of the ship, he is t o negotiate it a t the b a t exchange.
44. He is to advise the proper officer of what bills he draws, with the reasons thereof, and with the said bills send duplicates of his accounts, and vouchers for his disbursement, signed by himself and purser.
45. He is to take care that all stores brought on board be delivered to the proper officers;and to take their receipts for the -me.
46. Upon the death of any officer he is to take care that an inventory be taken of all his goods and papers, and that the same be sealed up, and reserved for the use of such as have a legal right to demand them.
47. When any officer who hss the custody of stores or provisions, shall die, be removed or suspended, he istocause an exact survey and inventory to be taken forthwith of the remains of such stores, which is to be signed by the succeaaor, who is to keep a duplicate thereof, and also by the surveying officers.
48. Upon hie own removal into another ship, he is to shew the originals of 811 such o r L as have been sent to him and remzin unexecuted, to his successor, and leave with hi attested copies of the same.
49. He is to leave with his successor a complete mu&r-book, and send up 811 other books and accounts under his charge, to the officers they respectively relateto.
50. In case of shipwreck or other disaster, whereby the ship may perish, the officers and men are to stay with the remains as long as possible, and save all they can.
51. When any men borne for wages are discharged from one ship to another, the captain of the ship, from which they are so discharged, is to send immediately pay liete for euch men to the navy office, and the purser of the ship from which they are so discharged, is also to supply the purser of the ship to which they are transferred, a pay lid, stating the balances respectively due them.
52. To promote cleanliness and health, the following rules are to be attended to. 1. All men on board are to keep themseivee in every respect as clean as possible. 2. That the ship be aired between decks as much as may be, and that she be always kept thoroughly clean. 3. That all necessary precautions be used by placing sentinels or otherwise, to prevent people easing themselves in the hold, or throwing any thing there that may occasion nastiness. 4. That no fruit or strong liquors be sold on board the ship; except in the judgment of the commander of the squadron, a limited quantity of fruit be necessary for the health of the crew, in which case he will iasue an order.
53. He is responsible for the whole conduct and good government of the ship, and for the due execution of all regulations which concern the several duties of the officers and company of the ship, who are to obey him in althings, which he shall direct them for the service of the United States.
54. He is answerable for the faults of his clerk; nor can he receive his wagea without the proper certificates, and must make good all damages sustained by hie neglect or irregularity.
55. The quarter deck must never be left without one commissioned officer, at least, and the other necessary ofioers which the captain may deem proper, to attend to the duty of the ship.
56. Commanding officers are to discourage seamen from selling their wages; and not to attest letter8 of attorney, if the srtme appear granted in consideration of money given for the purchw of wages.
OF THEDUTIESOF A LIEUTENANT.
1. He shall promptly, faithfully, and diligently, execute all such orders as he shall receive from his commander, for the public service, nor absent himself from the ship without leave, on any pretence.
2. He is to keep a list of the officers and men in his watch, muster them, and report the names of the absentees. He is to see that good order be kept in his watch, that no fire or candle be burning, and that no tobacco be smoked between decks.
3. He is not to change the course of the ship at sea without the captain's directions, unless to prevent an immediate danger.
4. No boats are to come on board or go off without the lieutenant of the watch being acquninted with it.
5. He is to inform the captain of all irregularities, and to be upon deck in his watch, and prevent noise or confusion.
6. He 18 to see that the men be in their proper quarters in time of action; and that they do perform all their duty.
7. He is to keep a journal, and, at the end of the voyage, to deliver a copy thereof into the navy-office.
8. The youngest lieutenant is frequently to exercise the seamen in the use of small arms; and in the time of action he is to be chiefly with them.
9. He is [to]take great care of the small arme, and see that they be kept clean and in good condition for service, and that they be not lost or embezzled.
10. The first lieutenant is to make out a general alphabetical book of the ship's company, and proper watch, quarter and station bills, in case of fire, man- ning of ship, loosing and furling of sails, reefing of topsails a t ses, working of ship, mooring and unmooring, &c. leaving room for unavoidable alterations. This is to be hung in some public part of the ship, for the inspection of every person concerned.
11. No lieutenant or other officer belonging to a ship of the United States to go on shore, or on board another vessel, without first obtaining permission from the captain or commandin8 officer,on his peril; and in the absence of the captain, the commanding officer to grant no permission of this sort, without authority from the captain, previous to the captain's leaving the ship.
OF THE DUTIES O F A SAILING-MASTER.
1. HE ia to inspect the provisions and stores sent on board, and of what appears not good, he is to acquaint the captain.
2. He is to take care of the ballast, and see that it be clean and wholesome, and sign the quantity delivered; and, in returning ballast, to see that vessels carry away their full lading.
3. Heiato give his directions instowingthe hold for the maet-room, trimming the shi~a.nd for reservation of the ~rovisions:and the oldest ~mviaionsto be - stowid-b as to be'first expended.
4. He ia to take special care that the rigging and storee be duly preserved; and to sign the carpenter's and boatswain s expenae-book, taking care not to sign undue allowances.
5. He ia to navigate the ship, under the direction of his superior officer, and see that the log and the log-hook be duly kept, and to keep a good look out.
6. He is duly to observe the appearances of coasts; and if he discovera any new shoals, or rocks under water, to note them down in hie journal, with their bearing and depth of water.
7. He is to keep the hawser clear when the ship is at anchor, and see that she is not girt with her csblea.
8. He is to provide himself with pruper instruments, and books of navigation, and keep aregularjournal, noting therein the going out and coming in of all stores and provisions; and a t the end of every cruise, deliver a copy thereof into the navy-office, with hi^ log-book.
9. He is to very careful not to sign any accounts, books, lists, or tickets, before he has thoroughly informed himself of the truth of every particular contained intheme. - -
10. He is to keep the ship in constant trim, and frequently to note her draught of water in the log-book. He is to observe the alterations made by taking in stores, water or ballast, and when the ship is in chase, or trying her Bailing with another, he is to make memorandums of the draughte of water, the rake of the masts, state of the rigging, and to note every possible observation that may lead to the knowledge of the ship's best point of sailing.
OF THE DUTIES OF A SURGEON.
1. T o inspect and take care of the necessaries sent on board for the use of the sick men; if not good, he must acquaint the captain; and he mr~stsee that they are duly served out for the relief of the sick.
2. To visit the men under hiscaretwice a clay, or oftener, if circumstances require it; he must see that his matea do their duty, so that none want due attend- ance and relief.
3. In cases that are difficult he is to advise with the surgeons of the squadron. 
4. T o inform the captain daily of the state of his patients.
5. When the sick are ordered to the hospitals, he is to send with them to the
surgeon, an account of the time and manner of their being taken ill, and how they have been treated.
6. But none are to be sent to sick quartera, unleae their distempers, or the number of the sick on board, are such, that they cannot be taken due care of: and this the surgeon is to certify under his hand, before removal. If the surgeon of the hospital finds they might have been cured in a little time on board, the surgeon of the ship is to have charged against his wages for every mnn so sent, ten dollars.
7. To be ready with hie mates and assistants in an engagement, having all things a t hand neceeesry for stopping of blood and dressing of wounds.
8. To keep a day-book of his practice, containing the names of his patients, their hurts, distempers, when taken ill, when recovered, removal, death, pre- scriptions, and method of treatment, while under cure.
9. From the last book he is to form two journals, one containing hi physical, and the other his chimrgicsl practice; which are to be sent to the navyaEce, at the end of every voyage.
10. Stores for the medical department are to be furnished upon his requisition, and he will be held reeponsible for the expenditure thereof.
11. He will keep a regular account of his receipts and expenditures of such stores, and transmit an account thereof to the accountant of the navy, at the end of every cruise.
OFTEEDUTIESOF A CHAPLAIN.
1. HEiato read prayers at stated periods; perform all funeral ceremoniesover such persons as may die in the service, in the veaael to which he belongs; or, if directed by the commanding oscer, over any person that may die in any other public vessel.
2. He shall perform the duty of a echool-master; and to that end he shall instruct the midshipmen and volunteers, in writing, arithmetic and navigation, and in whatsoever may contribute to render them proficiente. He is likewise to teach the other youths of the ship, according to mch orders8she shall receive from the captain. Heieto be diligent in hie office, and such as are idle must be represented to the captain, who shall take due notice thereof.
OF THE DUTIES OF A BOATSWAIN AND MASTBR-SAIGMAKER.
1. THE boatswain is to receive into hie charge, the rigging, cables, cordage, anchors, sails, boats. &c.
2. He is not to cut up any cordage or canvrtss without an order in writing from the captain, and under the inspection of the master; and always to have by him a good quantity of small plats for security of the cables.
3. He and his mates are to assist and relieve the watch, eee that the men attend upon deck, and that the working of the ship be performed with ss little confusionaamay be.
4. His accounts are to be audited and vouched by the captain and master, and transmitted to the navy-office.
5. If he has cause of complaint against any of the officers of the ship, with relation to the disposition of the stores under his charge, he is to represent the same to the navy-office, before the pay of the ship. He is not to receive his own wages until his accounts are passed.
6. He is not to sign any accounts, books, lists or tickets, before he haa thor- oughly informed himself of the truth of every particular therein contained.
7. Master-Sail-maker. He is, with his mate and crew, to examine all mils that are brought on board, and to attend all surveys and conversions of sails.
8..He is always and in due time to repair and keep the mils in order, fit for servlce.
9. He is to see that they are dry when put into the store-room, or very soon to have them taken up and aired, and see that they are secured from drips, damps and vermin, as much as possible.
10. When any sails are to be returned into store, he is to attend the delivery of them for their greater safety.
O F THE DUTIES OF A GUNNER, ARMORER, AND GUNSMITH.
1. The gunner is to receive by indenture, the ordnance, ammunition, small arms, and other stores allowed for the voyage; and if any part thereof be not good, he is to represent the same to the captain, in order to its being surveyed and returned.
2. He is to see that the powder-room be well secured, and in right order, before the powder is brought into the ship.
3. Powder in the copper-hooped barrels to be lodged in the ground-tier; to see that the doors of the powder-room be fast locked, the skuttle well shut and covered, and to deliver the keys to the captain.
4. He is timely to advise the captain when any powder comes on board, nor is he to remove it, prepare furzes, 0. without the captain's directions, so that the Ere and candles may be extinguished, sentinels posted, and all care used to prevent accidents.
5. He is not to go or send any one into the powder-rooms, but by leave of the captain, and to take care that they have nothing about them that will strikefire in falling.
6. No more than three rounds of parchment cartridges are to be filled at a time.
7. Perishing stores are to be surveyed and condemned; but if near any port in the United States, and they can conveniently be returned into store, they must be, otherwise may be thrown over board.
8. Empty powder barrels are not [to] be staved, but preserved, to shift such asmay be decayed.
9. The Armorer and Gun-smith, Are to assist the gunner in the survey and receipt of small arms, and to keep them clean and in good order; but not to take them too often to pieces, which is detrimental to locks, &c.
10. Their station is in the gun-room, or such other place as the commanding officermay direct, where they are to observe the gunner's orders.
11. The Gunner is to receive the armorer's toola, and to account for them a t the end of the voyage, in the same manner, asfor the other stores under his charge. 
12. In foreign parts, if the small arms want such repairs ss cannot be done on board, the captain must cause a survey, and the defectives may be sent e h o r e to be repaired; but the armorer or gun-smith must attend to seethe reparations well executed. They must return the small arms into store clean and in good order. 
13. The quantities of powder for exercise, and on occasions of eervice and scaling, must be regulated by the captain or commanding o5mf. In time of action the allowance of powder must be reduced by degrees, untfi the asme be lessened to one fourth of the weight of the shot. He is not to swab a gun when ~t grows hot, for fear of splitting.
14. He is to take care that the guns be placed upon their proper carriages; for, by this means, they will fit, and stand a proper height for the sill of the ports. 15. He is not to scale the guns oftener than the ship is refitted, unless upon extraordinary occasions, and with the captain's orders; and when they are loaded
for service, he is to see them well tampioned and the vents filled with oakum. 16. He is to use great caution in order to prevent damage to such guns are struck in the hold, by paying them all over with a coat of warm tar and tallow
mixt, kc.
17. He is to take care of the stores committed to him; for no waste, that is not
perishable, will be allowed him, only reasonable wear; and if any accident, it must be vouched by the captain.
18. He is to keep the boxes of grape-shot and hand grenadoes in a dry place.
19. He is not to load the guns with unfext mixtures, which greatly endanger their splitting.
20. If he has cause of complaint against anF of the officers of the ship, with relation to the disposition of the stores under his charge, he is to represent the same to the navy-office, before the pay of the ehip.
OF TEE D'CTIES OF A CARPENTEH.
1. To take upon him the care and preservation of the ship's hull, masts, kc. and also the stores committed to him by indenture.
2. T o visit and inspect all parts of the ship daily, to see that all things are well secured and caulked, order the pumps and make reports to the captain.
3. In an engagement he is to be watchful, and have all materials ready to repair damages; and frequently to pass up and down the hold with his crew, to be ready to plug up shot-holes.
OF T H E DUTIES O F A MASTER-A T-ARMS AND CORPORAL.
1. DAILYb,y turns (asthe captain shall appoint) to exercise the ship's company.
2. He is to place and relieve sentinels, to mount with the guard, and to see that the a m be kept in order.
3. He is to see that the fire and candles be put out in season, and according to the captain's order.
4. He is to visit a11 veasels coming to the ship, and prevent the seamen going from the ship, without leave.
5. He is to acquaint the officer of the watch with all irregularities in the ship which shall come to his knoxvled~e.
6. The corporals, Are to act in subordination to the master-at-arms, and to perform the same duty under him, and to perform the duty themselves where a master-at-arms is not allowed.
OF THE DUTIES OF MIDSHIPMEN.
1. No particular duties can be assigned to this cfass of officers.
2. They are promptly and faithfully to execute all the orders for the public service, of their commanding officers.
3. The commanding officers, will consider the midshipmen, as a class of offi- cers, meriting in an especial degree, the fostering care of their government. They wjll see therefore, that the schoolmasters perform their duty towards them, by diligently and faithfully instructing them in those sciences appertaining to their department; that they use their utmost care, to render them proficients therein.
4. Midshipmen are to keep regular journals, and deliver them to the com- manding officer at the stated periods, in due form.
5. They are to consider it as the duty they owe to their country, to employ a due portion of their time in the study of naval tactics, and in acquiring a thoroligh and extensive knowledge of a11 the various duties to be performed on board of a ship of war.
OF THE DUTIES OF A COOK.
1. He is to have charge of the steep-tub, and is answerable for the meat put therein.
2. He is to see the meat duly watered, and the provisions carefully and cleanly boiled, and delivered to the men according to the practice of the Navy.
3. In stormy weather he is to secure the steep-tub, that it may not be waehed overboard; but if it should be inevjtably loet, the captain must certify it, and he is tomakeoath to the number of pieces so lost, that it may be allowed in the pumer's account. There ahall be a distinct a p d m e n t appropriated on board of each v-1, for the surgeon, purser, boatswain, gunner, pil-maker, and carpenter, that theymay keep the public goods oommitted respectively to their care.
REOULATIONS TO BE OBSERVED RESPECTING PROVISIONS.
1. Provisions and slops are to be furnished upon the requisitions of the com- manding oficer, founded upon the purser's indents.
2. The purser being held responsible for the expenditure, shall, aa far aa may be practicable, examine and inspect all provisions offered to the vessel, and none shall be received that are objected to by him, unlees they areexamined and a p proved of by a t least two commissioned officers of the veesel.
3. In all cases where it may appear to the purser, that provisions are damaged or spoiling, it will be hia duty to apply to the commanding oficer, who will duect a survey, by three officers, one of whom, a t least, to be commissioned.
4. If upon a settlement of the purser's provision account, there shall appear a loss or deficiency of more than seven and a half per cent. upon the amount of pro- visions received, he will be charged with and held responsible for such loss or deficiency exceeding the seven and a half per cent. unless he shews by regular surveys that the loss has been unavoidably sustained by damage or otherwise.
5. Captains may shorten the daily allowance of provisions, when necessity shall requirc it, taking due care that each man has credit for his deficiency, that he may be paid for the same.
6. No officer is to have whole allowance while the company is at short.
7. Beef for the use of the navy is to be cut into 10 pound pieces, pork into 8 pound; and every cask to have the contents thereof marked on the head, and the person's name by whom the same was furnished.
8. If there be a want of pork, the captain may order beef in the proportion established, to be given out in lieu thereof, and vice versa.
9. One half gallon of water at least shall be allowed every man in foreign voyages, and such further quantity as shall be thought necessary on the home station, but on particular occasions the captain may shorten this allowance.
10. To prevent the buying of casks abroad, no casks are to be shipped which will want to be replaced by new ones before the vessel's return to the United States.
11. If any provisions slip out of the slings, or are damaged through carelesness, the captain is to charge the value against the wages of the offender.
12. Every ship to be provided with a seine, and the crew supplied with fresh provisions as it can conveniently be done.
REGULATIONS RESPECTING SLOPS.
1. Slop clothing is to be charged to the purser at the cost and charges, and he is to be held accountable for the expenditure.
2. And in no case will the purser be credited even for any alledged lose by damage in slops, urilese he shews by regular surveys signed by three officers, one of whom at least to be commissioned,that the loss has been unavoidably sustained by damage, and not by any neglect or inattention on his part.
3. And as s compensation for the risque and responsibility, the purser shall be authorized to dispose of the slops to the crew at a profit of 10per cent.; but he must at the end of every cruise render a regular and particular slop account, shewing by appropriate columns, the quantities of each several kinds of articles received or purchased, and the prices and amount, and from whom, when and where, and he shall shew the quantities disposed of, and to whom, and at what prices; so that his slop account will shew the articles, prices and amount received and disposed of.
4. On the death or removal of a purser, the commanding oficer will cause a regular survey to be made on the slops remaining on hand, and an inventory thereof to be made out and signed by a t least two commissioned officers.
5. Seamen destitute of necessaries may be supplied with slops by an order from the captain, after the vessel has commenced her voyage.
6. None are to receive a second supply until they have served full two months, and then not exceeding half their pay, and in the ssme proportion for every two months if they shall be in want.
7. Slops are to be issued out publicly and in the presence of an officer, who is to be appointed by the captain, to see the articles delivered to the seamen and others, and the receipts given for the same, which he is also to certify.
8. The captain is to oblige those who are ragged or want bedding, to receive such necessaries aa they stand in need of.
9. The captain is to sign the slopbook before the ship is paid off, or on his removal from the ship a t any time, the purser is to send the same to the proper accounting officer duly signed.
10. On the discharge of a man by ticket, the value of the cloth- he has been supplied with must be noted on the ssme in worda at length.
11. If necessity requires the buying of clothes in foreign psrts, the captain must cause them to be procured of the kinds prescribed for the navy,,and.as moderabaspossible: he must aha, by thefirstopportunity, cause an Invoice of theearne to be forwarded to the navy department.
REGULATIONS RESPECTING THE FORM AND MODE OF KEEPING THE LOG-BOOK AND JOUBNALS ON BOARD OF SHIPS OR OTHER VESSELS OF TEE UNITED STATES.
For the purpose of establishing uniformity, the President ordersasfollows,VIZ.
1. The quarter biil, log-tables or book, and journala of the oScere, must be kept conformably to the nnnexed models.
2. The captains or commanders will cause to be Iaid before them the first and fifteenth of every month, the journals of the sea lieutenants, masters, midship men, and volunteers under their orders, will examine and compare them with their own, and will send them at the end of every cruise or expedition to the navy department.
3. If any of the mid journals contain observations or remarks which may con- tribute to the improvement of geography, by ascertaining the latitude and longi- tude, fixing, or rectifying the position of places, the heights and views of land, charts, plans or descriptions of any port, anchorage ground, coasts, islands or danger IittIe known; remarks relative to the direction and effects of currents, tides or winds; the officers or persons appointed fo examine them, will make extracts of whatever appears to merit to be preserved, and after these extracts have been communicated to the officer or author of the journal from which they have been drawn, and that he has certified in writing to the fidelity of his journal, aswellaeof the charts, plans and views, which he has joined to it, the ssme shall be aigned by the officers and examiners, and tranalnitted with their opinion thereon to the secretary of the navy, to be preserved in the depot of charts, plans and journals.
Model of a Journal, kept on boud the United States ------ of ------ guns ------ Commander, by ------.
REGULA TIONS
1.Allcourta martial are to be held, offences tried, sentences pronounced, and execution of such sentences done, agreeably to the articlea and orders contained in an act of Congress, made on the 23d of April, in the year 1800,entitled "an act for the better government of the navy of the United S t a b . "
2. Courts martial may be convened as often as the President of the United States, the secretary of the navy, or commander in chief of a fleet, or commander of a squadron, while acting out of the United Statea, ahall deem i t necessary.
3.Allcomplaints aretobe made in writing, in which are to be set forth the facts, time, place, and the manner how they were committed.
4. The judge advocate is to examine witnesses upon oath, and by order of the commander in chief, or in his absence, of the president of the court, to send an attested copy of the charge to the party accused, in time to admit his preparing his defence; -
5. In all casos, the youngest member must vote h t , and so proceed up to the president.
REQULA TIONS REEPICTINO CONVOYS
1. A commander of a squadron or commander of a ship appointed to convoy the trade of the United States, must give necessary and proper instructione in writing, and signed by himeelf, to all the mssters of merchant ships and v-le under hi8 protection.
2. He is to take an exact list in proper form, containing the namee of all the ships and vessels under hi aonvoy and send a copy thereof to the navy depart- ment, before he sails.
3. He is not in time of actual war to chase out of sight of his convoy, but be watchful to defend them from attack or surprise; and if dietressed,.to &ord them all necessary atmistance.-He is to extend the aame protection to b convoy, when the United States are not engaged in war.
4. If the master of a ship shall misbehave, by delayinq the convoy, abandoning, or disobeying the established instructions, the commander is to report him with a narrative of the facts to the secretary of the navy, by the fimt opportunity.
5. The commander is to carry a toplight in the night, to prevent separation, unless on particular occasions, he may deem it improper.
6. He may order his signals to be repeated by 8s many ships of war under his command,aahe may think fit.
7. When different convoys set sail at the same time, or join at sea, they are to keeptogether,so long ss their courses lie together: when it thus happens,the eldest commander of a convoy, shall command in the first post; the next eldest in the second, and so on according to seniority.
8. Commanders of different convoys are to wear the lights of their respective posts, and repeat the signals, in order, as is usual to flag officers.
9. Convoys are to sail like divisions, and proper signals to be made at separation.
The President of the United States o Ammca, ordains and directs the commanders of squadrons, and all captains and othfer o&cws in the navy of the United States, to ezecute, and cause to be ezecuted, the aforesaid regulations.
By command,
Signed by Rt SMITH
Secretary of the Navy.
